11936
The Bike Accident
Carrie had just learned how to ride a bike. She didn't have a bike of her own. Carrie would sneak rides on her sister's bike. She got nervous on a hill and crashed into a wall. The bike frame bent and Carrie got a deep gash on her leg.

Beach
Morgan enjoyed long walks on the beach. She and her boyfriend decided to go for a long walk. After walking for over a mile, something happened. Morgan decided to propose to her boyfriend. Her boyfriend was upset he didn't propose to her first.

Shark Adventure
Dave was in the Bahamas on vacation. He decided to go snorkeling on his second day. While snorkeling, he saw a cave up ahead. He went into the cave, and he was terrified when he found a shark! Dave swam away as fast as he could, but the shark caught and ate Dave.

The Merry Widow
Sally was happy when her widowed mom found a new man. She discovered her siblings didn't feel the same. Sally flew to visit her mom and her mom's new husband. Although her mom was obviously in love, he was nothing like her dad. Sally went home and wondered about her parents' marriage.

Chat
Twas the night after the first day of junior high. Amy and her friend Beth were on the phone. They had a lot to catch up on. Amy listened patiently as Beth told her about her day. She wanted to go 2nd because she knew hers was the better day.

Lottery Winner
I knew of a young man who won the lottery. He used to ride lawn mowers. After he won, he went on to using drugs. He blew a lot of money. Eventually his winnings were revoked after a dui.

The Beach
Jessica decided she wanted to go to the beach. She invited all her friends to go along. They had a great time, but covered in a lot of sticky sand. They searched for a shower for what felt like ages. Finally they found one and decided it was the best trip ever.

Jeff moving
Jeff wanted to move out of his house. He had no money to pay for a new one. One day he bought a scratching ticket. He won enough money for a down payment. Jeff ended up moving to a new house.

Absentminded
Lily drove into town for some errands. While she was there, she bought a large iced coffee to go. It was delicious and refreshing and she couldn't wait to finish it. She put it on her car roof while fishing for her keys. She drove home and the coffee fell off and spilled.

Todd makes Hamburgers
Todd was hungry. He did not have anything to cook at his house. He decided he need to go buy something to cook. On the way to the store Todd decided to make hamburgers. Todd buys everything he needed and goes home and cooks.

Swim Safely
Jenna was at the community pool with her family. She thought she could go out to the deeper end by herself. Without telling anyone, she swam out farther, and lost her footing. The lifeguard had to help her out of the water. Jenna had learned her lesson.

Movie Disruption
Homer decided to go watch a movie. But when he entered the movie theater, there was no where to sit. He found one spot by a bunch of kids. And during the movie, they made lots of noise. Homer became so annoyed, he decided to sit in the aisle.

Chip, Chip, and Dip
Chip loved dip. At one party, he put his chip into the dip and double dipped. Skip saw Chip double dip. Skip had to flip at seeing the double dip. Chip then had to punch Skip on the lip.

Burnt Toast
Jerry was making toast. He set it to medium. When the toast came out it was completely burnt. He tried other settings with no better results. Eventually Jerry bought a new toaster.

Frank
Frank was laughing so hard he started crying. His dog fell into the trash and couldn't get out. He took a video of it and posted it online. After a week Frank had over 10000 views. Frank knew this was as famous as he would ever be.

Sunny Side Up
Susan was excited to plan her first egg hunt in the South. She found it fun to hide the candy filled eggs in green grass. The sun was high in the sky when the egg hunt started. Soon, kids were opening eggs and bursting into tears. Susan saw that all the candy inside had melted in the sun.

School Play
Natalie had auditioned for the lead in the school play. She won the part and was super excited. She rehearsed for weeks and weeks. On opening night, she acted her little heart out. The play was a huge success!

Watching a Movie
It had been a long day. Mary was ready to sit back and relax. She put on a movie and made some popcorn. The movie was much better than she anticipated. She was glad she took this time to unwind.

Avoiding
Nate couldn't stop calling Diana. When she arrived in school, she looked in all directions. When she saw nate walking, she tried to run to the cafeteria. He didn't see her for the whole day. She was able to get on the school bus to go home without seeing him.

Holding it
Sarah was on a bus to her work. She had to pee very badly. She couldn't hold it much longer. She got off the bus early to pee. She caught the next bus to work.

31
Susie sells the 31 products for extra money. They are totes that are sold to mother's typically. They like them to help bring all their stuff with them. It makes for easier travel and they are stylish. So far she has done a great job selling them.

Trip to Epcot
Louisa and her family took a trip to Epcot. The family was super excited. They couldn't contain their excitement. The moment they got to the park they took pictures. At the end of the day they spent ten hours at the park.

Swimming Lessons
Joanie's mom signed her up for swimming lessons at a lake. Each day she rode a bus to the lake to take lessons. Joanie learned the final test was swimming from a boat to shore. She was petrified and prayed to get out of the test. On the last day of lessons, the bus broke down and she was spared.

A light Jog
I tried to start jogging last week. I got my running shoes on and went out. I was excited and ready to go when it started to rainy. I turned around and went home instead. It hasn't rained since but I haven't wanted to risk it.

Ryder The Puppy
Ryder needed to go outside. His owner opened the door for him. Ryder played outside. He came back in smelling like a dead animal. Ryder had to get a bath.

Double Blessing
Tony needed to get gas on his way home. He only had enough money to fill half of his tank. When he went to pay for it, he was didn't owe anything. Someone else had already paid for a full tank of gas for him. Tony felt double blessed after getting gas on his way home.

Play
The girl was scared to go outside. Her mom encouraged her to go. She ended up going. She met other kids. They were all nice and played with her.

Haircut
Sally decided to get a haircut. She went to the stylist and got her cut. She was upset when she realized the stylist cut it way too short. The stylist did not charge her but that did not fix her hair. She waited for months for her hair to grow back out.

A New Lamp
Jan's lamp broke. Jan decided to get a new lamp. He went to the store. He found a lamp he liked. He bought the lamp.

Dunk Contest
This year I watched the NBA dunk contest with my friends. The dunks were out of this world! Aaron Gordon and Zach LaVine put on a great show for the fans! I have never seen those kind of dunks before in my life! Zach LaVine barely beat Aaron Gordon in the finals.

RAM
I wanted to run a computer program. But, my computer didn't have enough RAM. So, I decided to upgrade my RAM. Alas, my computer didn't allow RAM upgrades. I decided to buy a new computer.

Plane jitters
Allie had to go on a trip to the islands. On the way there she had to go on a small plane. She was very scared to do so. The plane experienced a lot of turbulence. Thankfully it was over soon.

The picture didn't work.
Candace had to make a pinhole camera for art class. She took the camera outside and followed the steps to take a picture. Then, she took the picture to the darkroom to develop it. In the dark room, she saw that the picture didn't develop. She had to start over from the beginning.

Down Hill Race
James wanted to entered a soap box car derby but didn't have a car. Instead he used an office chair with wheels and hoped for the best. On the day of the race he had a massive lead over everyone else. The office chair didn't have brakes so he flew through the finish. James 3 miles before he could come to a stop.

Jonas Makes a Snowman
Jonas has felt depressed that it has been very cold lately. He decides he needs to get out of his house. Jonas drives to the local park to get some fresh air. At the park he makes a huge snowman. Jonas feels much better than he did before.

All Smiles
Gina was being harassed by a boy in class named Dave. So she requested the teacher move his desk. Gina watched as the teacher informed him of the move. Gina hoped it would upset him. To her dismay he seemed not to care at all.

The Lie
Lucy wanted to go to the pool, but her grandma wouldn't let her. She told her grandma she was going to the park instead. Lucy was sure her grandma knew she was lying. She stood waiting to be called a liar. To her surprise her grandma let her go to the park.

Take the Time
Claudette was George's third wife. Every year, George would tell his children that he would visit them. Every year, Claudette convinced George to take his vacation elsewhere. George's grandchildren grew up without knowing him. When he finally visited, no one was interested in seeing him.

Bus
Schmidt had to take the bus to work. It took a long time. The bus broke down. He was very late for work. He got written up at work.

Blue candle
Bob went to the store to get supplies before the storm. There was no flashlights left and only candles. On the shelf was a very large blue candle. Bob bought it and brought it home. When the power went out he light the candle and it lasted hours.

Book Learning
Carol had a bunch of obsolete computer manuals she had no use for. She didn't want to throw them out and create more trash. Carol had an inspired idea! She and her friends built large trebuchets in their backyards. They had some epic medieval style fights, using the books as ammo.

My First Apple Pie
I had to make an apple pie for Thanksgiving. This my first time trying to bake a pie. I put in too many apples and it spilled over into the oven. The spilled juice burned and filled the house with smoke. The pie tasted good, but my house smelled like smoke for a week.

Hit the bricks.
In Fort Worth, we have an event call hit the bricks. It is a charity run and it is about one mile long. I've been training for the past week. When the race started, I thought I was going to have a hard time. However, thanks to my training the run was easy.

Family Vacation
My family went to the beach for vacation. Since it was summertime, it was very hot. I went to the boardwalk to get some ice cream. The cold ice cream cooled me down. I was angry when a seagull stole my unfinished ice cream cone.

Guitar Lessons
Jasmine doesn't know how to play the guitar. She asked her dad to take her to guitar class. Her dad agreed and started taking her to guitar class. Jasmine has been taking the class for over a year now. Jasmine has become very good at playing the guitar.

Drunk Driving
Bob got drunk at the Christmas party. He decided to drive home under the influence of alcohol. Sure enough, he was stopped by the police. They police arrested Bob and sent him to jail. Bob had to pay a fine and realize he should not drink and drive.

Ghost
Mark was convinced there was a ghost in his house. His mom assured him that ghosts weren't real. Mark wasn't convinced so he decided to set a trap. He heard what he thought was a ghost and tossed a net over it! Underneath the net was his dad and they both had a laugh about it.

Stassi's Big Move
Stassi hated her life in Los Angeles. She wanted to get away from her old life. So Stassi moved away to New York with her new boyfriend. Unfortunately Stassi's boyfriend dumped her. So Stassi begrudgingly moved back to California to her former friends.

Susan's Restaurant
Susan wanted to start a business. She decided to start an Italian restaurant in her home town. She hired a world famous chef to lead her kitchen. Her restaurant eventually became very successful. It was featured in many magazines and TV shows.

The Chase
John was on the trail running. Suddenly he heard footsteps behind him. John began to run faster. He thought he was being chased. He ran even faster until he got to his car safely.

Dinner
Karin's mom was too sick to make dinner, or even get out of bed. She decided to make dinner herself, for the first time. She very carefully boiled water, and cooked spaghetti noodles. She warmed up spaghetti sauce, and toasted some pieces of bread. Her mother was so grateful, she gave Karin a big hug.

The Dessert
Timmy's mom was making a cake. It smelled really good while it was baking! He couldn't wait to eat it. However, he had to eat his dinner first in order to get a piece. So he ate his dinner as quickly as he could.

The bracelet
Tim bought a bracelet. He didn't know who he should give it to. He could give it to his mom. He could give it to his sister. Tim finally decided he would just keep the bracelet for himself.

Frozen Pond
Jeff liked to walk his dog around the pond at the park. One day during their walk the dog escaped from his leash. He quickly ran into the pond. The dog could not swim. Jeff had to dive into the cold water to rescue his dog.

The Fog
I stepped outside to get the mail. The fog was so thick I couldn't see the mail box. I followed the driveway to the street. From there I followed the street to the mailbox. There was no mail yet.

Job
Some days I worried whether I was going to lose my job. Sometimes I couldn't help it, I just couldn't go in. Headaches would keep me from doing the dangerous work I did. The fear made me feel sicker than the headaches. However my employer assured me that I was okay.

Sally's Gift
Sally wanted to give her Mom something special for her birthday. She did not have any money to buy anything. Sally had to make something for her instead. She got her beads and string out and went to work. Sally made a pretty pink necklace out of beads for her Mom's birthday.

I bought a salad spinner.
I've always loved to eat salads. When I go to restaurants I always order a salad. I liked to make my own salads. It's so time consuming tossing the salads. I bought a salad spinner and now they take very little time to make.

Sadness
Doug was sad to be sick on Halloween. He wasn't allowed to go to school, or go trick or treating. He sat in the window of his room and watched all the kids in costume. When the doorbell rang Doug was expecting trick or treaters. He was happy to see his friend Dan came to share his candy with Doug.

Runaway
Asa had a dog named Cooley. Cooley was a good dog, but he liked to run away. One day Asa decided to take Cooley on a hike. Cooley ran away and was gone all night. The next day, Cooley came back covered in mud and Asa was very glad.

Someday I'll come Home
I left my son and girlfriend late in the fall of 1978. After I made it to the other side of the country, I went to the beach. I sat on the shore and drank what was left of my flask. Every year on his birthday, I return to that beach and get drunk. Through tears I tell the ocean that someday I would come home.

The Teacher
Sandy was a school teacher. She had a student that was failing. She offered to give extra credit. He refused. He failed her class.

The post it note prank.
Andrea wanted to prank her boyfriend for April Fools Day. He wouldn't fall for any of her tricks so she needed a new idea. She saw some post-it notes and felt inspired. During his classes she covered his truck in the little notes. When he came out and saw them, he was completely shocked.

Label
Pat was on his way to meet a label exec. He was hopeful to get a good record label The exec wanted him to sign a contract. The exec also wanted him to change his whole sound. Pat declined the offer.

Guitar Lessons
Lindsay was very interested in guitar lessons. She looked online for studios or individuals offering classes. She weighed the options and decided to go with Falcetti Music. Lindsay went through a few weeks of classes. Her skills are becoming better and better.

The Helicopter Ride
Anita's son loved helicopters. She promised herself one day she would get him on a helicopter. Next, her new boyfriend told her he could fly a helicopter. He arranged to fly a newspaper's small helicopter. Anita's boyfriend took her son on a fifteen minute helicopter flight.

Going To The Movies
A movie that Jared has been wanting to see came out today. He asked all his friends if they wanted to go see it. They told him the movie got bad reviews so they were going to skip it. Jared didn't care about that and went to the movies by himself. He ended up loving the movie just as he thought he would.

Hot Hand
My mom gave me a plate of food. I asked her if she can get me some salt. However, she decided to put the salt on the food herself. She ended up spilling too much. My food became salty and I had to throw it away.

I've Given Up
Dan left a single cigarette in an empty pack of smokes in his car. Every day, he'd take it out and turn it over in his mouth unlit. A symbol of his strength and persistence, he always put it back after. He did not feel very strong with no one to address his note to. Dan left an empty pack of smokes in his car.

Event
My cousin decided to pick me up, and take me to an event. This event was at a swap shop store. Many used items, including clothing and food, were up for sale. I found a good deal on a pair of Nikes and decided to buy them. My cousin and I came home with several things.

Rodney's date
Rodney was looking forward to a date with his girlfriend all day. During the day his boss told him he needed him to stay late for work. Rodney was upset because he didn't want to cancel his date. Rodney ended up working extra hard that day so he didn't have to stay. In the end Rodney got to go on a wonderful date with his girlfriend.

Zippy
Jack received a puppy for his seventh birthday. He named the puppy Zippy because he could run fast. One day on their walk without a leash, Sippy ran away. Jack looked and yelled for zippy as the hours went by. He eventually caught up to Zippy and learned to use a leash.

Snack
Amy had heart palpitations after a lot of caffeine. Her mother suggested she eat and drink lots of water. On her walk home she stopped and bought water and almonds. She walked home eating the almonds and chugging the water. By the time she arrived her heart felt much better.

Stress
A man was having trouble handling the stresses of his life. He decided to return to first premises. He knew the body is the most immediate sector of his universe. So he began living a very healthy and relaxed lifestyle He soon saw his stress disappear and felt better.

Baseball
I love the game of baseball. I go to see games any time I get the chance. The last time I went I caught three foul balls. After the game I even got an autograph from three of the players. I will definitely be going back again soon.

The Wife
Ray came home from work to find his wife upset. She told him she was bored in their marriage and wanted a divorce. Ray was devastated and decided to stay with his parents. A week later, his wife called him to say that she changed her mind. Ray decided he did not trust her anymore and did not care.

Salmon
My dog hates his treats. I decided to go buy some new ones. I went to the pet store but everything looked nasty. I decided to buy my dog some salmon from the fish market. He loved it!

Park Day
We went to the park today. I was so excited to go on the swings. Mom pushed me so high I almost touched the sky. I jumped off and flew ten feet in the air! I love going to the park!

Namesake
Beth and Bobby were having a baby. They both loved junk food, so they wanted to give her a sweet name. Bobby said Caramel and Beth suggested Sugar. They wrote down names to pick randomly since they couldn't agree. The winning name was Candy - a perfect tasty name for their daughter!

Driver's Test
My mom took me to get my liscence a few days after I turned 16. I was nervous about taking the driving test. As I pulled out of the parking lot with the examiner, I hit the curb! I pulled myself together, doing great the rest of the test. Fortunately she didn't fail me just because I hit the curb!

Family Vacation
Jennifer wanted to take her three kids on a vacation to Disneyland. A single mom, she worked three jobs to save enough money. After earning enough money, she bought non-refundable plane tickets. The family set off for the airport, excited for their vacation. Then their car broke down on the highway and they missed their flight.

Garbage Collection
It was Sophie's job to take the trash to the curb every week. One week she forgot it, and the full trash cans weren't emptied. Her mom forgave her, but made it clear she had to do it next week. But that day, Sophie's friends called and invited her to a movie. The trash was forgotten again, and her mom grounded her.

Downtown Lunch
Mary and Rob wanted to get some food. They decided to go downtown. They figured they'd go to their favorite restaurant. Unfortunately it wasn't open during lunch. They had to walk around for an hour before eating.

What A Morning!
This morning, like usual we left our house on time for school. On the way there we come across a concrete truck stuck in the mud. There was just enough room to go around and continue on, so we did. Then we came upon another truck laying sideways in the road. We were then forced to another route, what a morning!

A Trip to the Store
I was hungry and there wasn't much food in the house. I decided to ride my bike to the grocery store. Once at the store, I walked around and selected my groceries. I went back to the front of the store and paid for my items. I rode my bike back home and cooked spaghetti for dinner.

Trip to candy factory
There is a candy factory down the street for me. I decided to take a trip with my friends to visit. When we got there we put on the outfits and walked around. Unfortunately though, we couldn't have samples. Therefore we were disappointed.

Teaching Catastrophe
Reggie had to take a statistic course for his college major. The only availability was with a very poorly rated teacher. Reggie thought he could do it himself but the teacher made no sense! He thought he was going to fail a class for the first time. He made his first friend in the city who helped and he passed!

Val Saw
Val saw Ali enter the museum. She thought about tripping her but teacher were nearby. She followed Ali wherever she went. She saw the look of annoyance on Ali's friends face. Val was pleased her plan to ruin Ali's day was working.

The advent calendar.
Julia's parents had just put out the Christmas decorations. Her favorite was the advent calendar. Every day one of the kids got to eat a piece of candy. When no one was looking, Julia rearranged the candy on the calendar. She made it so that on her days she got her favorite types of candy.

Training wheels
Kim wanted the training wheels off his bike. His dad agreed to remove them. So he went out to test his newly-adult bike. At first he wobbled unsteadily. But soon he was riding quickly and steadily!

Gas Station
I went to the gas station to get gas for my car. I saw a fire as soon as i pulled up. It was coming out of the gas station. I ran inside to save anyone in there. The fire was getting worse, but I saved an old lady who passed out.

Business Trip
Jennifer needed to travel for work. She bought a ticket from New York to Tokyo. Jennifer also made hotel reservations. During her trip, she needed to do a business conference. After the conference, she enjoyed some tourist spots.

Too Many Lights
My neighbor used to decorate his house for Christmas. He used to cover the front of his house with lights. One year, he put up more lights than ever. The whole neighborhood came to his house to see his decorations. He stopped decorating his house, after that.

Rude Awakening
Billy's mother set his alarm clock, so he could get up on his own. Billy turned off the alarm as soon as she left. The morning came and he did not wake up. His mother came in and poured cold water on him to wake him. He now keeps his alarm set hoping we wakes before his mother comes.

Dunking a Basketball
I've always wanted to be able to dunk a basketball. I can touch the rim but I can't quite get the ball over the rim. I only need about two more inches to successfully dunk a ball. I worked out my legs hard for a month and added height to my vertical. Now I can dunk a basketball easily every time!

The Big Game
Derek was a great basketball player. His team had a big game coming up and he was nervous. Derek practiced free throw shots for days. The day of the big game was here and he was ready. He stood at the hoop, shot the ball, and won the game!

Bench Press
I am really into bodybuilding and all around fitness. I have been struggling with my bench press lately though. I can't seem to be able to put up more than two hundred pounds. A buddy of mine said to take a week off and then try again. I did that and it worked well!

Collection
Sam walked along the beach to collect beach glass. He saw a bright red piece of glass far in the distance. Sam began to walk towards it when a large wave hit the shore. The wave moved the glass to somewhere where Sam couldn't find. He ran to where he thought it was and dug in the sand to no avail.

Laura and her tears
Laura lost her son in a car accident. Two Year's after the accident it was still fresh in her mind. She knew that she had to find a way to move past this. Laura went to talk to a therapist about her sadness. The therapist explained that her feelings were normal.

Thanksgiving parade
Bill wanted to do something special for Thanksgiving. Bill decided to attend the Thanksgiving parade for the first time. Bill loved to see the various entries in the parade. In addition, Bill loved to see the smiling faces along the route. Bill had a great time at the annual Thanksgiving parade.

Jenny's Library Trip
Jenny looked forward to her weekly library trips with her mother. This week, Jenny was planning to get a Nancy Drew book! When they got to the library, Jenny ran inside to search the shelves. To her dismay, the book had been checked out! Although she was disappointed, she found another book to read.

Homemade Meal
Tim has never cooked for his family. He was nervous, but decided to follow an old family recipe. His grandma used to tell him anybody could make this good. He made the whole meal for his family in one hour. They all loved it and said that Tim is a pro!

Butterfly Catcher
Sarah saw a beautiful butterfly outside. So she decided to catch it. She kept it in a large glass jar. But she felt sad because it was more beautiful outside. She decided to let it free, even if she would never see it again.

The fisherman
Travis grew up in a fishing village. The village was running low on fish. Travis set out to find the biggest catch of fish. After three days at sea, Travis had a huge catch. Travis returned to the village as a hero.

Marathon
Suz was preparing to run a marathon. She trained for nine months. She woke up at five every morning to run six miles. She ended up finishing first in the marathon! Suz's training paid off.

Arson
I was bored. I decided to play with some matches. I accidentally set someone's house on fire. I was arrested and sentenced to prison for arson. I learned that I shouldn't play with matches.

Chipotle
Audrey was afraid to try new foods. Her parents would take her to different restaurants often. Audrey never liked any of them or what they offered. One day they took her to Chipotle. Audrey surprisingly fell in love with their restaurant and food.

Toy Cars
Little Timmy wanted to grow up to be a race car driver. He always dreamed of joining F1 racing. On his seventh birthday his parents bought him a set of toy cars. He loved them. He still plays with them to this day.

Park
Our granddaughter came to visit in October of 2014. We walked across the street to the playground. She met a friend and played. Her mom took her on the slide. We had a fun time.

Dangerous Times
Two people were killed in the big city today! All they were doing was getting gas. I'm getting scared to go out. I need to increase my security. I will get a guard dog.

Hangry
Glancing at her watch, Gail became agitated. Hearing her stomach growl, Gail decided to wait ten more minutes. Nine minutes later, the waitress served Gail her dinner order. Finding the food ice cold, Gail burst into tears. Sobbing, Gail poured ketchup on the cold french fries.

Hair
I wanted to get a haircut. So, I went to the local salon. I asked the hairdresser to cut my hair any way she liked. She was wary of my request but she obliged. She cut my hair wonderfully!

Ankle sprain
Kate is very clumsy by nature. She tends to walk slowly in hopes that she won't do something painful. Last weekend, she was in a hurry and stepped right off a curb. She twisted her ankle. She had to ice it and keep her foot up for a few days.

Vicky Buys Shoes
Vicky has needed a new pair of shoes for months. She has avoided buying new shoes because her feet smell so bad. One day she summons the courage to go to the shoe store. She takes off her shoes to try on a pair and the smell is awful. Luckily it only lasts a minute, and she has her new pair of shoes on.

Sickly Lady
The old lady next door was ill. You could see it in her face as she left her home to go to the doctor. She looked worn out. She lived alone, and her only companion was a dog. Gina worried she would die in that house alone, and no one would know.

Final day of the Semester
I came to school drowsy since I spent all night studying for exams. After taking the exams, I decided to get together with a few friends. We decided to hang out around campus before going home. After the school closed, I said goodbye to everyone. We took our phone numbers down to arrange another meet up.

The Missing Sandwich
Dan was hungry for his lunch. He went to the break room to get his sandwich. When he opened the refrigerator he saw his sandwich was gone. He started looking for the sandwich thief. He saw his enemy Tim eating his sandwich.

Getting Beer
Lance gave his friend money for beer. He specifically said get the cheap kind and give him change. When they friend came back they had tons of expensive beer. Lance was about to freak out before he got all his money back. His friend decided to just steal good beer instead.

Bolivia
Jill hated her house. She wanted to move to Bolivia with her cousin. Her mother showed her a slideshow of the great town she lived in. Jill liked the slideshow. She decided she would like to stay where she was.

A Glass of Water
Jason craved a cold glass of water. He was thirsty from exercising. Jason remembered he put a bottle of water in the fridge. He went to the kitchen. He drank the cold water from the bottle in the fridge.

Staying Late
Larry had to stay late at work again. His wife was upset over it. When he got home she was asleep. The food was cold and there was nothing to do. He just drank a beer and passed out.

Skateboarding
Jacob was a skateboarder. He wanted to impress his friends, who were also skaters. In order to do that, Jacob tried to kickflip down a set of 6 stairs. Jacob landed on his ankle wrong, and was unable to stand back up. Jacob had to go to the hospital to get his ankle x-rayed.

Kiwi
I was vacationing in Indonesia. I decided to go to the fruit market. I saw a kiwi. I had never had a kiwi before. I bought it and it was very tasty.

Hawaiian vacation
I wanted to go to Hawaii. I decided to ask my boss for some time off. She told me no. I quit my job. Now, I could go to Hawaii.

New phone
Chris decided to get a new phone. He couldn't decide if he wanted an iPhone or and Android. The store clerk suggested he go with an iPhone. Chris decided to go with the iPhone. His credit card was declined unfortunately.

Ducks
Addison had wanted to get a duck for the farm. Her parents took her to an agricultural show. She learned about how to care and feed ducks. Her parents bought her six baby ducks. After building a coop, Addison has made the ducks a happy home.

Running Away from Home
Bob's parents grounded him. He decided to run away from home. He packed his clothes and some water and left. After a few hours, he realized he needed his parents. He came back home but his parents didn't even know he left.

Packing Tape
I bought a box of packing tape from Amazon. It was an Amazon Prime order. The package was supposed to arrive on Wednesday by 8 pm. It did not arrive that day. I contacted Amazon and accepted a $5 credit.

Rare Bird
Marge was out in the woods looking for birds. She saw a very rare bird high up in a tree. To get a better look she climbed the tree next to it. At the top , Marge took out her binoculars and watched the bird. She excitedly wrote down her find in her bird journal.

Phil goes to War
Phil was a young  man in his early twenties' Undecided what to do with his life being recently let go of his job. He speaks with his closest friends who recruits him to the army. Phil spends time in the army and the time has come to go to war. Phil fights in the war and receives a medal of honor for his braveness

Phone charger
Johnny brought his phone to work everyday. His phone would always run out of battery before his shift ended. He would be bored at the end of his shift. He decided to bring his charger to work with him. He was never bored at the end of a shift, again.

Bob's Applesauce
Everyday Bob's mother added applesauce to his lunchbox. Bob always tried to give the applesauce away at school. But nobody wanted the gross applesauce. One day, Sarah accepted it. She only kept it because she liked Bob.

Rhonda gets a sense of humor
Rhonda won tickets to a comedy show. Rhonda was not a big fan of comedy. She decided to go to the show anyway. Rhonda thought the comedians were hilarious. Now Rhonda regularly attends comedy shows.

Walking on a Rainy Day
Jim had to walk to school on a rainy day. He put on his rubber boots and rain jacket. He got his umbrella from the closet. Jim stepped outside into the pouring rain. He quickly opened his umbrella in order to stay dry as he walked.

Backwards
Tom wanted to walk backwards. He wanted to do it the whole day. He walked backwards through school. He bumped into the salad bar in the lunchroom. Tom never walked backwards again.

Depression
Cayla wasn't sure what was wrong with her. She didn't seem sick but she couldn't get out of bed. Cayla's mom would yell at her to get up and go to school. Cayla finally saw a doctor and explained her problems. The doctor said Cayla was depressed.

Yoga
Hari was getting old and stiff. He decided to take care of his health. He enrolled in yoga class. At first, he was the worst yogi at the yoga class. But, after many years he became one of the best yogis!

Netflix and Bill
Jim wanted to binge watch his favorite show. He ordered the DVD set but couldn't wait for it to arrive. His friend Bill also loved the show. He called Bill but Bill didn't have it on DVD either. They saw it was on Netflix and binge watched it together.

Stale Crust
I arrived to the pizza place since my delivery was made. The cashier gave me my orders and took down the payment. Before going into the car, I checked the pizza. Unfortunately, I noticed that the entire pizza is tough and stale. Luckily, I received a refund on the purchase.

Piggy Bank
Alistair bought a piggy bank to save with. He put several nickels into it everyday. Eventually he was able to save up for a new book. He broke the piggy bank to get the change. Finally he got his new book.

Leprechaun Trap
I once made a leprechaun trap as a kid. I really fantasized that I'd find a leprechaun in there. I put candy, drawings, and things inside to attract the leprechaun. I waited all day and there was nothing to be found. By the next morning there still wasn't a leprechaun and I gave up.

Grass Fire
I got a call from my friend Roger this afternoon. He said that his property caught on fire and he needed my help. We used my horse trailer to move all the animals very quickly. The fire department got things under control in a few hours. Thankfully the only thing that burned was grass.

Room for Baby
Dina and her husband lived in a one bedroom apartment. They were expecting a child very soon. They didn't have the money to get a two bedroom place. Dina purchased a crib and made room for the baby in their room. This arrangement worked out perfectly for all three of them.

The bug-killing kitty.
Jordan was watching a movie. Suddenly, she noticed a gigantic water bug on the floor. She put her cat in the room with it. The cat quickly hunted down the bug. It ate the bug and Jordan was able to relax again.

Walgreens
Lucy was happy grandpa picked her up. After her rough day she just wanted to go home. Grandpa decided to get Lucy a treat. The car pulled into a parking lot. Lucy looked up happily to see a Walgreens.

Mario Maker
Tommy loved to play video games. He was hoping to get the Super Mario Maker game for Christmas. He put the game on the top of his Christmas list. His parents discussed it and decided to buy him the game. Tommy is going to be so excited when he opens it on Christmas morning!

Raging Rivers
I always wanted to go to Raging Rivers as a kid. We finally took a family trip there. When I got there, I went straight to the wave pool. It ended up being way too deep, with waves I couldn't handle! After that, I hated Raging Rivers and wanted to go home!

Beyond Pettiness
I order a dinner meal by my local restaurant. The waitress was eager to take my order down. She gave me the food and I slowly ate it. I realized that I was short on the payment where she asked me. Since I didn't have the money, the restaurant gave me a fine.

Hiking Trail
Rich and Neil loved to go hiking. One weekend, they decided to try out a two day trail nearby. On the first day, they got lost and Rich sprained his ankle. They were worried they would have to call for help. Eventually Rich and Neil powered through and finished with pride.

Library
Gina was due in the principal's office. But she didn't want to go there. She went to the library and grabbed a book. She tried to sit quietly and read. But the librarian saw her, and sent her on her way.

A Bee in Jane's Car
Jane was driving down the road when a bee flew in her window. She didn't want to get stung, so she pulled off the road. Jane opened all the doors and the bee flew out of the car. Jane was relieved she hadn't gotten stung. She decided to keep the windows closed for the rest of her trip.

Pizza Party
Jeff was a pizza delivery man. One day he had to deliver 50 pizzas to a party. On the way, a cat ran in front of his car. Jeff slammed on the breaks. Some of the pizza boxes flew forward, spilling pizza on the floor.

Puppy Love
Maddie really wanted a puppy. Her mom told her if she gets all good grades, she could get one. She worked really hard for three months on her school work. When report cards came out, she had earned all a's and b's! Maddie's mom took her to get her puppy as her reward.

A run in at church.
Sylvia was invited to go to church with her friend. They were sitting in the primary class. Suddenly, she realized that the pianist was her school teacher. She ran up to her after class to say hi. Her teacher was happy to see her and they chatted for awhile.

Chimney
I decided to clean my chimney. I opened the vent. I forgot to move my face away from the fireplace. Soot coming rushing down and covered my face! I realized I should be more careful when cleaning the chimney.

Puppies
Lana loved dogs. Her family decided to get a puppy. He was so much work. She didn't know it would be that hard. She decided to get rid of the puppy.

Prank
The Renose family loved to go on vacation every year. One year they bought a vacation house on the beach. The family came to see their house vandalized one year. They're cleaning it up, when their friends from nearby approach. It turns out they were the ones and everyone laughs about it.

Sore Loser
Gerald and Henry were playing a videogame against each other. Gerald started to get tense since he was losing. Henry did a celebrating dance when he ended up winning. Gerald ended up throwing his controller at him. Henry fell on the floor and received a black eye.

Ultrasound
When I was pregnant with my daughter I had an ultrasound. My husband had never accompanied me before. This time he decided he wanted to go with me. They showed us the baby, which was just a little blip. He was very disappointed, thinking he would see a full-sized baby.

Asparagus
Tim had asparagus on his plate. He hated the taste. He couldn't leave the table until he was done. He had a plan. He fed it to his dog so it looked like he ate it.

Rob had a bad vacation
Rob wanted to take a vacation to Canada. To travel to Canada, Rob needed a passport. Rob paid the passport agency a lot of money to have it delivered fast. However, the passport agency shipped Rob's passport way too late. Rob had to book another flight, which cost him an arm and a leg.

All-nighter
Ben had to cram information for an exam tomorrow. He spent all night studying since he didn't start yet. Around 5 am, he started to get dressed for school. When he arrived, he walked carelessly to class. He kept falling asleep during the test since he didn't sleep well.

Into the Bin
The next day was the collection day for recycling. Jim wandered through his house to find empty cans and bottles. He put them into a bucket and dragged them to the curb. The next day a city worker came and took away the trash. Jim brought his empty bucket back into his house for next week.

The Salty Mistake
George wanted to give something to his coworkers for Christmas. He decided to bake Christmas cookies. George spent all Sunday baking them. That Monday he brought them in, and his coworkers hated them. He found out that he had used salt instead of sugar to make them.

Through The Crowd
Gina was trying to catch up with her crush Jamie. He was far ahead and there were lot's of people between them. She was walking fast and trying to get through the crowd. Finally she was right behind him. Gina was almost within reach of the door.

Be positive
It was raining outside but Moby said we still had to work. Everyone was mad, but we had to go outside. Moby was in such a great mood it rubbed off on everyone else. We finished the patio, and mulch in one day! After work, Moby was surprised how influential positivity was.

Hairball
Loni was very worried about her cat. It kept coughing and making strange noises. She was going to take it to the vet. However, the source of the cough was quickly found. The cat coughed up a gross hairball.

Let Her Go
Dan realized he never should have let her go. He called her to tell her he was wrong. She wouldn't take any of Dan's calls. Dan's broken heart knew no solace. He threw himself off a bridge and died when he hit the water.

The Long Shower
Ken had a long day at work. He decided to take a shower when he got home. It made Me feel relaxed. All of a sudden he started feeling cold water. He had lost track of time because of how much he enjoyed it.

Finding Out He Was Cocky
Jason was the best athlete on the team and thought he wasn't cocky. He encouraged his teammates to be as good as him. Jason was chosen to lead the team. Three of his teammates were injured under his leadership. Jason's coach said he was cocky after all.

Animal Broke Lose
I took a visit to the zoo today. The tour guide showed most of the place to me. As a result, I had the opportunity to see various animals. Unfortunately, a bear broke through its cage and ran away. The animal patrol ran several blocks to capture it.

Too much coconut oil.
Jenna had been reading up on hair styling. One tip she read was to use coconut oil. She put a healthy amount in her hair and then showered. When she got out, she saw that her hair was very greasy. She realized that she had put way too much oil in.

Shot fear
I had to get shots yesterday at the doctor. I always had a fear of needles. I sat in the chair and was trembling. When the nurse injected the needle I couldn't look. Thankfully though it was over before I knew it.

Winter Surprise
Haddie got up and got ready for work. She put on a pair of lightweight pants and a thin blouse. When she opened the door to leave, she couldn't believe her eyes. It had snowed overnight and her car was buried up to the door handle. She called in to work, took the day off and built a snowman instead!

A Story on Tupac Shakur
It was the early 90's, Tupac was popular but not yet Hip-hop deity. We saw him at the Criss Cross album release party having fun. While hanging out with The Lynch Mob he flirted with girls. One girl walked past Tupac and didn't look back when Tupac flirted. So Tupac hit her in the back of the head with an ashtray.

Fashion show fight
Kelly's friend was a famous fashion designer. Kelly was upset that she wasn't invited to one of the shows. She decided to give her friend an ultimatum. The two ended up fighting. Eventually they stopped being friends.

Quentin's Nightlight
Quentin was afraid of sleeping in the complete dark. He always asked his mother to leave a nightlight on at night. One year he decided he must face his fear of darkness. Quentin slept through an entire night with no nightlight. When the morning came he knew he had conquered his fear.

Drug Store
Amy had a terrible headache at work. She asked a co-worker for aspirin. The co-worker had none but suggested she visit the drug store. Amy had no idea there was drug store in her job. Her co-worker happily showed her the way.

Second Chance at Love
Larry is recently divorced. He has seen a woman he finds very attractive working at the mall. He is too scared to approach her. He pretends to browse in her area that she is working. He ends up buying some anti-wrinkle cream.

Turkey Day
My girlfriend and I went to the outer banks for Thanksgiving. We went to visit her family. It was a long drive. There was lots of traffic on the way. We still made it in time to celebrate with everyone.

Getting our new lizard
A few weeks before Christmas I went to the local reptile shop. I was looking for a present for my daughter for Christmas. The owner asked some questions to get an idea of what we wanted. He eventually recommended a crested gecko. We purchased the crested gecko to pick up on Christmas Eve!

Mike's Graduation
Mike was graduating high school later in the day. He was very anxious, so he thought about skipping. He put on his clothes and then drove to the event. When he got there, Mike decided to drive back home because his nerves. When he got back home, Mike regretted skipping graduation.

A Day In Bill's Life
Bill woke up early to go to work. He put on his clothes and drove to the office. When he got to the office his assistant handed him coffee. Later that evening Bill went home. Bill was happy to relax after a long day at work.

Shopping
Tom wanted to go shopping for groceries. He made a list. He drove to the store. He purchased the items on the list. He returned home with the groceries.

Booking ticket in advance
Tina really wanted to go to New York City. Her friend Rita lived there so Tina decided to invite herself. Rita was a little put off but was okay with it. Then to her surprise Tina told her that she booked a ticket. Tina never consulted Rita in advance and Tina was angry.

New Years
New Years Eve was the one holiday Julie loved more than anything. She would plan all of December for this big party. She would get the best decorations and food money could buy. She loved to spoil her guests with the best possible party. Every guest truly and a great time and couldn't wait until next year.

Waking Up
Joey heard his alarm go off. He got out of bed to turn the alarm off. It was cold, so he put on his robe. He went upstairs to take a shower. After his shower, he made his bed.

Getting Goats
Sue talked her husband into getting goats. He built a pen to hold the goats. He brought home a couple goats from a nearby farmer. Sue bent to greet one of the goats. As she did, the other goat butted her, knocking Due to the ground.

Babysitting
Charlotte wanted to stay with her Aunt Rachel so bad. She finally was able to convince her mom to let her stay. She packed up all of her belongings that she needed, even her bear. She thought about all the fun and exciting things that she would do. She had such a great time and can't wait to do it again!

Rainbow
One night I was feeling pretty down. My boyfriend I had broken up. I decided to take the garbage out that night. As I approached the night sky a bright rainbow shimmered through. I instantly felt hopeful in-spite of what was happening.

Erik learns to ride a bike
Erick was in 2nd grade His parents just bought him a brand new bike with training wheels One day his dad decided to teach him to ride without training wheels They spent all day practicing By the end of the day Erik learned how to ride his bike

Bigfoot sighting
Hillary and her friends drove to the woods to go camping. After arriving to the campsite, they set up camp. It took them so long that night arrived quickly and it became dark. When it got dark, Hillary and her friends saw a bigfoot in the trees. They became so terrified that they abandoned camp and drove home.

School Play
It was the first night Beth was playing Juliet in school play. When it was time to go on stage Beth froze. The teacher walked up and pushed her on stage. She instantly began reading her lines. Beth's performance earned her a standing ovation.

A Penny Saved
Mary saved her pennies in a big glass jug. She planned to cash in the pennies when the jug was full. One day, the jug could hold no more pennies. Mary was excited to spend her savings. As she went to lift the jug, she realized it was far too heavy.

Foreshadowing
The teacher was going over yesterday's homework. He got a phone call from the guidance counselor. He told me that I had to go to the principal's office. I decided to pack my belongings and head over there. The guidance counselor told me that I had detention for littering.

Accommodation
The couple went to a hotel. They checked in. When they go to their room they found a mess. The hotel didn't clean the room from the recent visitors. The coupled returned back to the front desk for an accommodation.

Free Tire
Joe bought a new set of tires for his car. He took off all the old tires and put the new ones on. Joe stacked the old tires in his front yard. He made a sign to let others know that they could have the tires free. One hour later a man came by and took away all of the free tires.

Ryan's adventure with Ben
Ryan and Ben went on a trip to visit their aunt. First they took a train to a distant city. Then they went with their aunt to museums and zoos. They had such a great time exploring the strange city. They came home laden with stories and souvenirs!

Bowel Movement
Matt's family had decided to move to the Dust Bowl. He thought it was very scary, having to move so far away. He wondered if he'd be able to make new friends, or keep his old ones. After the move, Matt's fears turned out to be unwarranted. He both kept his old friends, and made many new ones.

Formal gone Wrong
Nancy was walking to her interview. She tried not to get any strains on her outfit. However, she tripped on a crack on the sidewalk. When she got up, she realized that her shirt had a large stain. During the interview, she covered it up with her hands.

Substitution problems.
Edward was a substitute school teacher. He hated his job. He could never get his substitute students to quiet down. One day , he bought a whistle so he could use it in class. Edward got fired after using it on his first day.

Brianna's Bath
Brianna hadn't taken a bath in three days. She didn't want to take a bath. Her parents made her take a bath anyway. She played in the bath for hours. She didn't want to get out of the bath.

Bike Ride
Emily was afraid to learn to ride a bike. Her friends all knew how to ride bikes. One day they all helped Emily learn to ride a bike. She was able to learn with her friend's help. Emily can ride her bike with her friends now!

The Dribbling Drill
Jack wanted to get better at dribbling and decided to do a drill. First, Jack dribbled with his right hand many times. Then, he did the same with his left hand. Lastly, he dribbled with both hands at the same time. When he was done, Jack was much better at dribbling.

The Rain
A girl was fascinated by rain, even though she lived in the desert. She decided she would be happier in a place where it rained often. After saving up some money, she moved away to the pacific northwest. The town she moved to rained 300 days out of the year! The girl knew she made the right decision, she had never been happier.

The hospital sitter.
Joanne was having a baby. Her and her husband had to bring their older toddler to the hospital. They didn't have a babysitter. Luckily, a nurse there offered to watch the toddler. Joanne was able to have her new baby in peace.

Enchanted Village
My daughter wants to take her toddler to the Enchanted Village. This is a puppet show featuring early 20th century figurines. The show used to be displayed in a store in Boston. It has since moved to the suburbs. I will go but I think the Enchanted Village is spooky.

Walking the dog
I left myself this morning with my new puppy called Terry. Terry was super excited to go his walk and he barked in delight. The beautiful sun warmed the both of us as we strolled down the street Terry strutted like a happy puppy and he was very easy to control. After about an hour, Terry was finally ready to go home and sleep.

Graduation Day
Jennifer and Luke wait back stage to accept their diplomas. The speaker called their names for everyone to hear. Jennifer and Luke walked arm in arm to shake their principal's hand. They both received their diplomas from their smiling teacher. Jennifer and Luke sat down to watch the rest of their class graduate.

Danube
Anna was going on a river cruise. She boarded the ship and they set off. They sailed up and down the Danube. Anna took loads of photos. She had a wonderful time on her cruise.

Sherry
Gina's cousin Sherry wanted the kids to play outside in the summer. But Gina preferred to stay inside. After breakfast Gina hid in the basement. Sherry put the kids outside to play. And Gina crept upstairs to her room to read alone.

Fight a Cold
Nate got a really bad cold from his daycare site. Nate has been washing his hands and getting plenty of rest. Nate is starting to feel a little better and want to go play. Nate must rest one more day before he can play outside. Nate can't wait to go play outside at the park again.

Dancing
Tom and Diane have been married for years. For their next anniversary they plan to go dancing. They enroll in salsa classes. They practiced once a week for years. On their anniversary night, they passed away.

Snip snip
Mary's hair was growing too long. She went to the salon to get her hair cut. She decided to go with an expensive cut. Her hair was cut too short for her liking. The salon didn't charge her.

Trash Scare
Tim needed to take the trash out. But he was too lazy. He waited until it was late at night. And when he approached the garbage bin, a shrieking cat jumped out. The scary event made Tim regret being lazy.

Writing a book.
Angela was trying to write a novel. She had writer's block, so she decided to go write at the park. At the park, she saw a man get robbed. The robbery gave her an idea for her book, so she wrote it down. Angela was able to finish the chapter that day.

Rhonda Visits a Museum
Rhonda never felt that she understood modern art. One day she decided to visit a modern art museum with a friend. Her friend helped her appreciate the art that she otherwise might not. Rhonda went home feeling grateful and satisfied. She felt that she understood modern art a little bit better.

The Chore
I had to go buy bread. I left the house and walked on the sidewalk. I arrived at the store and went inside. I bought the bread and I bought milk as well. It was then that I walked home with the groceries.

the move
Mark wanted to find someplace new to move to. He did his research based on the places he wanted to visit. He decided to move to Florida because of its nice weather. Although the move was a hassle, Mark enjoyed his new home. Mark enjoyed his new life as a Florida resident.

The flat cookies.
Julia was baking cookies. She didn't have any butter but figured that margarine would work. When the dough was done, she put the cookies in the oven. Then, she waited for them to cook. Unfortunately, the cookies didn't rise properly and weren't as yummy.

Jack Opens a Restaurant
Jack really wanted to open a restaurant. He mortgaged his house in order to start a burger joint. Jack had no idea how to run a restaurant. Nobody came to his restaurant because his food was terrible. Jack had to shut down his restaurant due to poor business.

Excite Bike
Susan received a new bicycle for Christmas. She didn't know how to ride it without training wheels. Her mother held the back of her bike as she pushed Susan. Susan's mother let go of the bicycle. Susan crashed and skinned her knee.

Pencil
Bob was starting the year at a new school. He did not know anyone in his class. The teacher asked all students to get out a pencil. Bob forgot to bring a pencil. Luckily the girl sitting next to him gave him one and smiled.

First time roller coaster
I had never been on a rollercoaster before and last week was the first I was frightened but also nervous to go on it. When the ride started I was screaming. Being not in control was frightening. After the ride I never wanted to go on it again.

Mouse in the House
Bill's dog starts barking at the wall and pacing every time it rains. Bill can't figure out why. Until one day he sees a mouse run into a hole in the wall. The mouse was coming in from the rain whenever it rained. Once Bill patches the hole there is no more barking from the dog.

Pregnant
Sara wanted to have a baby. She was already 35 years old and worried she waited too late. Sara prayed and kept trying to get pregnant. She went to a routine women's health check up. She was thrilled when the doctor told her she was pregnant.

Paper Route
I wanted to get a job delivering papers. I talked to the local paper and they said not without a car. So I went to my neighbor who delivered them by car. She said that for every block I did she'd pay me half her rate. I did so well that I was able to pay for a car and start a real route.

Broken arm
Susan went on a bike ride with a friend. She was having a wonderful time on the ride. Susan went too fast around a corner on her bike. Susan fell off her bike. She landed hard on the ground breaking her arm.

Broken ankle
Kelly decided to be adventurous. She decide to take the training wheels off her bike. Ultimately she fell off. Kelly sprained her ankle. Thankfully though, she was taken to the doctor.

Too Many Taken
Chad ate little and drank less. The cancer eating away at him didn't have any less of an appetite. He was tired of fighting it, and decided to give up. His family found his body when they came for their biweekly visit. They had his body cremated, sad their grandfather had left them.

Dude is a lady
Alexa Raye used to get mistaken for being a man. She got tired of it so she grew her hair long. Unfortunately, she still got mistaken for a man. So now when people mistaken her as a man, she doesn't correct them. Alexa Raye now thinks it's funny that people thinks she looks manly.

A day for reading.
Bella was having a boring Saturday. She had run out of things to do. She decided to read a book. She spent the rest of the day in bed reading. Before she knew it, the day was over.

The Black Dress
Mandy was invited to a party. She didn't know what to wear. Someone told her she should get a black dress. She had one, but it was way too small for her. She ended up attending the party with jeans and a t-shirt.

Waste of food.
David and I went to work at our grocery store. Everything was fine until an unforeseen accident occurred. The store's electricity went out which had caused the vegetables to go bad. We had to go to each vegetable section and throw all the veggies away. This was the biggest waste I've seen.

Burger
Sam was on a mission. He wanted to go to every fast food burger place in New York. He started going to 10 a day. He got really fat doing it. He ended up quitting 4 months in.

Lemonade Stand
I wanted some money. Alas, I was too young to get a job. I decided to open a lemonade stand. Only one person showed up. But, the person tipped me ten dollars!

Lunch
I went to get fast food for lunch today. The line was very long. I waited and waited until it was my turn. When I got the counter, they were out of the item I wanted. I was very disappointed.

A Bicycle Trip
Steve and Sharon decided to go for a bike ride. They checked their tires and bike chains for safety. They put on their biking gear and headed out They rode for several hours until they were both hungry. They stopped and ate a light lunch, then rode some more.

The Hockey Game
Logan was on his way to see his very first hockey game. He couldn't wait to see all his favorite hockey players. When he got there, he rushed through the doors as fast as he could. He found his seat and looked over the crowd to see the rink. Logan smiled as he finally saw the players he'd been waiting for!

The Picnic
My girlfriend planned a picnic for us last weekend. It was a sweet gesture. We picked a nice area and set up a sheet and ate sandwiches. Unfortunately within minutes we were overrun by ants. We got bit so much we had to go home early.

The party
Frank always wanted to be the king of the neighborhood. He thought he could throw a party and it would make his dream real. It took weeks but Frank planned the best party imaginable. As he sat watching the event unfold he felt a profound sadness. Seeing his dream come true he realized he had nothing to want anymore.

A Way Around
Gina ordered a pizza for pickup. The pizza place was only 3 blocks from her house. But one of the streets was closed. Gina had to drive 3 blocks out of her way to get around it. As she drove she wished she had gotten it delivered instead.

Ketchup
In Korea, McDonald's will only give you one packet of ketchup. Sometimes though, the cashier would give me two. I think this is because they knew Americans liked ketchup. One day, a really cute cashier gave me three packets of ketchup. Looking back, I don't know if she was cute or if it was the 3 packets.

Wisdom
The surgeon was working on a patient's wisdom teeth. He had to take out 4 of them. He ended up messing up. Since he made the patient sign a waiver, the patient could not sue. The patient wrote a bad review online though.

Train Chain
During the war, Dave was ordered to stop an enemy train. He strung a set of chains across the tracks and waited. The train came rushing at the chains. Dave watched as the train broke through all the chains. Dave was sad that his plan did not work.

Cold Mistake
Sam needed to go to work one snowy morning His windshield was frozen over. He decided to dump hot water on to melt it. Sam's windshield cracked. He had to have it replaced.

Merry Go Round
Lizzy watched the merry go round as she waited her turn. She couldn't decide which animal she wanted to ride. The white horse with pink ribbons was beautiful. But the brown bunny was adorable. So she rode the ride twice to give each animal a try.

Jim Gets Sick
Jim had been feeling sick recently. He decided to take the day off from work. The very next day, he found out his boss was also sick. Jim had given his boss the cold. Jim apologized by giving his boss some chocolate.

Brittany
Brittany was a horrible girl who always told lies. When someone made her mad, she made up lies about them. One day, she decided she wanted to get her teacher in trouble To get her in trouble, she told lies about her to her mom. This made her teacher very mad and she gave Brittany detention for it.

Charles Finally Graduates
Charles was afraid he would never finish college. He had taken several Years off school and was scared of college class. However, he decided to face his fear and enter the classroom again. Charles found that college was much easier than he had feared. Now that he has graduated, Charles will never be afraid again.

The Bull
Yesterday I was trying to ride a very mean bull. The bull tried to buck me off many times. I was able to ride the bull for eight seconds. It was the first time I had made the entire eight seconds. I have decided to try to work at rodeos for a living.

Graduate School
My father has always pressured me to go to graduate school. I always agreed, but I have had a hard time with college lately. Graduation has been stressing me out a lot. I finally decided to disobey my father and get a job right away. I am very relieved now that I have a plan.

Fire Alarm
I was getting ready to leave my hotel room for the day. Suddenly the fire alarm went off. I left my room and headed to the stairs. The alarm stopped before I got outside. I was relieved that it was only a drill.

Jim Gets A Puppy
Jim wanted to get a puppy. He went to his local humane shelter. He picked out a brown baby pitbull. Jim named his puppy James. Jim brought James home and fed him dog treats.

Deli
Mike went to the deli for a sandwich. On the way there he forgot his money. He went home and then proceeded to go back to the deli. On his way there he noticed his deli was on fire. He was thankful that he forgot his wallet.

Learn to walk
An old man had been struck by a car one day. He was severely injured. He was told it would take him awhile to walk again. For months the old man practiced walking with support. One day he was able to walk with only a can and his legs recovered.

Myrtle Beach
My kids love to visit Myrtle Beach. We go to the water slide parks. We play on the beach. We even play par 3 golf. We are always really sunburned when we get home.

Christmas lights
Jeff wanted to put up lights for Christmas. Jeff decided to put up lights on Thanksgiving. Before having dinner, Jeff worked on putting up the lights. He ran out of time before he had to eat with the family. Jeff could not finish putting up lights before Thanksgiving was over.

offroading
Bill bought a new truck. He decided to take it off road. He had a lot of fun doing this. He got caught going down hill in a low gear and could not slow down. He ruined his transmission by offroading with poor skill.

Ness
Ness was on a trip to see her namesake lake in Scotland. She had her camera ready to take pictures. She hoped to snap a photo of the famous monster! But after a whole day of watching, she saw no monster. Ness had a great trip but saw nothing supernatural!

College
My niece's daughter is applying to colleges. She wants to be a nurse. My niece does not want her daughter to go far away. Her daughter just got into a college 800 miles away. They argued about her choice, with no resolution.

feeling icky
Sarah woke up not feeling very well. She debated on staying home from work. After much thought, she decided to stay home. She laid in bed and rested the majority of the day. The following morning she felt much better.

Entitled To More
Stacy worked for a demanding boss. He wouldn't give her affirmations for her hard work. Stacy felt unhappy with her lot in life. She surely deserved more praise for all she did. Stacy filed a discrimination claim against her boss.

Becoming a Coach
Tony is a retired baseball player. One day he takes a walk in the park. He sees a kid having trouble hitting the ball. Tony shows him how fix his technique and the kid improves. Tony decides to spend his retirement Years as a little league coach.

Going to the Concert
Chris wanted to go to a concert, but he didn't want to go alone. Chris decided to ask his friend Mary to go with him. Chris called Mary and invited her. Mary said yes! Chris and Mary went to the concert together.

Car Mechanic
Larry went to the car mechanic last week. He wanted to get his brakes replaced. The mechanic told him it would take one hour. The mechanic charged Larry a lot of money. Larry refused to pay and they got into an argument.

Rabbit fear
Arnold was scared of rabbits. He always thought they were so mysterious. One day he had to go to a pet store. He saw a rabbit staring at him. Arnold nearly fainted.

Keeping Up With The Joneses
The Jones family had long desired to move to a larger home. They had outgrown their small mid-century ranch many times over. One day, the Joneses called a realtor and started looking at houses. After a long search, they finally found and bought the perfect one. Everyone fell in love with it, and they lived there for two decades.

Phone Purchase
Katy's cell phone was broken. Katy decided to go to the mall to get a new one. She drove to the mall and went to the mobile phone store. Katy looked at a bunch of phone until she found that was just right. She then purchased the phone and started making calls.

Nothing
Mary woke up to do nothing today. She did not need to work. She did not need to go shopping. She had no household chores to do. She lay back down and enjoyed doing nothing.

Traveling to New Zealand
Yesterday, I decided that I would take a trip to New Zealand. I wasn't sure how I would pay for it, but I knew I wanted to go. After looking through newspapers, I found a job as a dog walker. The family was rich and greatly overpaid me. My plan to go to New Zealand had become possible.

Good Neighbor
Kim was in the middle of baking cookies one day. When she went to get the butter there was no more left. Kim had never met her neighbors before but walked next door anyway. The neighbor was very nice and gave Kim some butter. Kim was able to complete her cookie-baking.

Old
Bill was cleaning out his garage. But he noticed a bunch of old things that he didn't want to throw away He bought CDs, headphones, and video games inside. But he quickly got bored with them. He realized why they needed to be given away.

Sam's String
Sally's cat, Sam, loved playing with string. One day Sam got all caught up in some string while he was playing. He ended up getting so tied up that he could not get free. Sally had to cut the string to get him untangled. Afterwards Sam did not want to play with string anymore.

How I Made Money For Nothing
It was a Friday, and I began to walk to work. As I neared the entrance, I saw a twenty dollar bill on the ground. I stopped to pick it up, but wondered if there might be more around. I checked in the street nearby, and found another twenty! Satisfied, I went into work, $40 richer than I was before I left.

Jan Bulks Up
Jan had always been a scrawny girl. One day she decided to gain a little weight. She started by adding a milkshake to every dinner meal. She also drank weight gain powdered shakes for breakfast. In four weeks, she had gained eleven pounds!

Island Hopping
Ian lived on a island. Ian loved to explore the surrounding islands. However, Ian recently crashed his boat. He could not afford to purchase another boat. Ian was sad that he could no longer island hop.

Alice Has a Baby
Alice has always wanted to be a mother. She meets a man and they fall in love. She tells him she has always wanted a baby. He says he has too. Alice is happy to have a baby.

Getting Married.
I woke up happy and excited. First, I put on my wedding dress. I put on my makeup. Then I met my fiancee at the lawyer's office. I married my fiance in front of my family.

Cam
Cam wanted to be a photographer for the high school yearbook. But try as he might, he just couldn't seem to get on the paper's club! So he decided to create his own photography album. He snapped shots of all his classmates at work and at play. And at graduation, he distributed his own homemade photo album to all!

Walk along the beach
Jill was walking down the beach. She was feeling very hot walking under the sun. Jill saw two of her friends walk along the other side. She walked toward them to catch up with them. Her two friends greeted her as she approached them.

Paycheck
Leroy was excited to get his paycheck. Once it was deposited into his bank account he started spending it. He paid off some bills. Then he paid for some necessities. Before he knew it Leroy's paycheck was gone.

haunted house
Ivy's friends dared her to go into the old haunted house in town. Ivy was afraid, but she didn't want to show it. Laughing nervously, she said she would go. They watched as she crept in through the broken window. Ivy felt good that she had proved how valiant she was!

Sick At School
Tom was sick. But his parents forced him to go to school. During class, he frequently got up to blow his nose. Eventually, his teacher made him stand by the tissue box. Tom was angry his parents made him attend school.

Doctor Visit
Mike had to go to the doctor. He was a bit nervous since he had to have blood work. He did not want to go by himself. He called his mom and she met him. All the blood work came back clear and he was relieved.

Fool's Luck
He was a lucky fool at blackjack. Three times in a row he had doubled down and been correct. If he doubled down one more time he would be set for life. He doubled down and won! By the end of the night he'd lost it all at roulette.

Beggar
My dog, Chaz, knows not to beg. He knows that worst case he gets told to lay down. Best case scenario begging will get him something. He is rewarded when he doesn't beg. He feels better when begging.

Staring Contest
Michael and I had a staring contest. It was a battle that lasted thirty four seconds. I finally could not hold it and I blinked first. Michael always beats me but I am competitive. I practice by staring into a mirror so I can beat Michael.

Netbook
I bought a netbook in 2010. It was smaller than a laptop. It was broken by hospital staff during a stay there. The hospital reimbursed me for a new one. I still use the netbook, despite smartphones and tablets.

Legally John
John had aspired to attend Harvard Law School since he was a child. Upon completing his undergraduate degree, he anxiously applied. Several weeks passed without reply, and John grew despondent. When the response finally arrived, Jon frantically tore it open. He grinned from ear to ear as he read his formal acceptance letter.

Giving
May wanted to give her mother a beautiful bouquet of flowers. She searched all over the house and couldn't find any. She went out to the yard and there were none. She finally decided to draw a bouquet for her mom. Her mother broke down crying at the reception of the gift.

Michelle's Wings
Michelle liked to eat chicken wings. It was her favorite food. She tried to set a record at the local bar. And ended up eating 5 pounds of wings. She was very sick the next day.

Are We Leaving?
Gina was hopeful they would be going home soon. After 2 weeks at her grandma's house she was tired of Illinois. She was waiting for her father to return to pick them up. And today he had finally come back. Gina was secretly hopeful this was the day they were going back home.

The grade bet.
Jack really wanted a new TV in his room. His parents agreed to make a deal with him. If he could face his final, they would get a new TV. He worked as hard as he could on the test. He did pass and he got the new TV.

Abby's Recital
Abbey had a role in a Peter Pan ballet. Backstage, her older sister helped her do her hair and makeup. When it came time for her to go on stage, she went out and danced. Then, she had to wait for the rest of the ballet to end. When it was over, her family gave her flowers.

Failing classes
It was halfway through the semester, and John was failing his classes. He decided to go to the library and study. At the library, John saw one of his professors. John pretended not to see him, and started studying. The professor walked past and said that he was glad to see John trying

Tuie
Adam was sitting at his desk when his dog Tuie came up to him. She put her head in his lap and whimpered. He reached down to pet her. She wagged her tail happily and started to lick his hand. He kept petting her because it made her stop whimpering.

Ronnie and the Candy bar
Ronnie was hanging out with his friends after school. They all decided to go to 7-11 to buy some snacks. Ronnie realized that he had used all of his allowance already. Ronnie decided to steal a candy bar from the store. Ronnie got caught by the cashier and he got in big trouble afterwards.

The Atacama Desert
Sam decided to hike through the Atacama Desert. He packed a backpack and set out to the Desert. After four days of hiking he ran out of water. Unfortunately, he was in a desert so there was no water. Sam died of dehydration.

Homesick
Sandy's family ate popcorn in front of the TV each evening. Then, the day came for Sandy to go off to college. Within a week, Sandy felt miserably homesick. She called her mom, who said a care package was on the way. Sandy opened the care package to find a popcorn maker.

Vacation
Bee was nervous to go on vacation. He had a big aquarium and he was worried about his fish. He put the vacation feeder in the tank and left, still worried. The whole trip, he fretted about his fish. But when he got home, there they were, happy and healthy as always!

No wetsuits fit.
Kelsey was about to go surfing. She was at a shop trying to find a wetsuit. She kept trying them on, but none of them fit. Finally she settled for one that was slightly big. Luckily, it didn't get in the way of her surfing.

Time to go
Ida was getting ready to go out with her friends. She shut off all the lights in her house and walked to the door. Her radio was still on so she walked over to shut it off. Ida loved the song on the radio so she waited for it to end. After the song finished, she turned off the radio and left.

Not the Mail
One morning I left early for work. I turned on the water sprinkler to give the grass a good drink. The mailman delivered our mail in the box by the street. When I got home I went out to see what he had delivered. Much to my surprise the box had a leak and all the mail was wet!

Tornado
Kay and her mom were driving home from the Mall. Kay looked out the window, and saw a cyclone in the distance. She shouted at her mom that they needed to get off the road. They parked at a nearby store, and everyone hurried into the basement. The cyclone destroyed many buildings, but Kay and her mom were safe.

The Gift
Jane did not know which gift to get for her best friend. She had in her hand a curling iron and a electric toothbrush. Tess had always like gadgets, Jane remembered. Jane put down the curling iron and went to the register. Jane purchased the electric toothbrush for her geeky friend.

The Passport
Linda was going on a trip to England from The United States. This was her first time being out of the country. She had to go to the post office and order her passport. Linda waited for eight weeks but still hadn't received her passport. The day before her flight, her passport finally arrived!

Basketball Ball
There was a sport bar near my house that I loved to go to. I would go with my basketball team after we would win a game. We would go about ten times every season. I heard through the grapevine that they closed. Now we'll have to find a new place to go to.

Milk Trap
Gina's mom thought Gina lost her phone. She had texted her to get milk at a test. Gina had the phone, and picked up the milk. Her mother stared at her when she handed her the milk. Gina smiled as she walked to her room happy to have avoided the trap.

Moving Away
Lisa was in an unhappy marriage. One day, she decided that she would leave her husband. She asked her husband to leave and put their house up for sale. The house sold, and Lisa moved to a little cottage by the bay. Lisa was happy and felt that she made the right choice.

The Picnic
Josh decided to go for a picnic. He packed sandwiches and chips. At the picnic spot, he decided to rest a bit before eating. Unfortunately, while he rested some ants got into the picnic basket. The ants started eating the food and Josh had to go hungry!

The Broken Stove.
I had to get something on top of the cabinet. I stepped on the chair and placed one foot on the Stove. My hand accidentally hit a bowl. It fell and cracked the Stove. I had to buy a new one.

No experience
Tim was looking for a job. However, no one would hire someone with no experience. Tim decided to get an internship working for free. He worked very hard. At the end of the internship he gained tons of experience.

Mary Searches For Her Running Shoes
Mary was feeling energetic. She decided to go on a run. She searched her house for her running shoes. She couldn't find them! She finally found her running shoes in her pile of laundry.

The New Bike
Randy got a new bicycle and helmet for his birthday. His mom told him he had to wear the helmet if he rode. He did not like the helmet so he did not put it on. He crashed the bike into a big oak tree. Randy got stitches in his head and his bike taken away.

The Parrot
Bob wanted a parrot. His parents decided to get him one. Bob realized that a parrot was hard work. He decided to sell the parrot. His parents got angry and grounded him for being irresponsible.

New job
I was very nervous to start my job as a CNA. I could barely sleep the night before my first day. I put on the cutest scrubs I could and took a deep breath. I walked into the job with confidence and everyone thought I was cute. I made friends quickly and I found myself loving my new job.

Blind Date
Nick decided to go on a blind date with Anna. He sent Anna his picture so she would know who she was meeting. They decided to meet at a bar the following night. Nick was late getting to the bar, which made Anna upset. Anna decided she was not interested in Nick, and left.

Online Benefits
It was one week before Christmas. I was nine months pregnant and didn't want to walk around stores. However I needed to do some shopping. I bought everything I needed from home using Walmart's website. The items were shipped to my local store for free and I was happy.

New headphones
Kelly needed to get a new pair of headphones. She had earbuds but needed new ones. She searched everywhere for the perfect pair. Finally she found a pair. When she tried them on they were great.

Motivation
I received poor test results from the last exam. Since i was demotivated, I wanted to drop out of the class. The professor was irritated when he heard that. He told me to fight as much as you can to pass. Taking his advice into consideration, I decided to cheer up.

deep sea fishing
When we were younger we went to Cape Cod. We went out on a boat to go deep sea fishing. Even though I was only seven years old, I caught a huge flounder. We had them filet it and prepare it for us. It was so delicious when we took it home to be cooked.

Classical Concert
When John asked Betty to go to a concert, she was excited. They now stood in line to enter the concert hall. Betty was nervous as she had never attended a classical music concert. Both she and John were dressed in formal wear. At the end of the concert, Betty had a better appreciation for Bach.

Feeding the cats
I have two adorable cats. They wake me up each day to let me know they want to eat breakfast. If I don't get out of bed quickly, they stand on my body and meow. When I finally get out of bed they run to the kitchen. I meet them in the kitchen and feed them tuna.

Computer lover
Robert wanted a good computer. He searched endlessly for a good one. He decided to go to a computer store at the side of town. He found a perfect one for a cheap price. Robert ended up downloading hundreds of games on his new computer.

Hungry dog
Mike's dog was hungry. He noticed he had run out of dog food. Mike left to the store to buy dog food. Mike paid 20 dollars for a bag of dog food at the store. He fed his dog when he got home and it was happy.

Bryan and his shoes
Bryan was running and realized his shoe had ripped. Bryan was forced to go home and get his spare shoes. He then drove to the nearest big 5 sporting goods, and bought shoes. With his new running shoes, he went out to run again. Bryan felt annoyed but was glad he could continue running.

Broken heel
Amy wore her favorite shoes to her birthday party. While at the party she realized while pretty, her shoes hurt her feet. Amy decided to sit in a corner and take of her shoes for awhile. Amy put her shoes on the side of her chair. Amy was shocked when her shoes were stolen.

Bike Ride
Amy was at her mother's house for the weekend. Her niece asked her to sit on the porch so they could ride bikes. Amy sat on the porch keeping an eye on the kids. Amy realized they had ridden farther than she said they could They were upset when she told them to put the bikes up and go inside.

The food gone bad.
Lisa was planning on eating leftovers for lunch. All morning she was looking forward to her food. At lunch time she went to get the food. She realized that it had all gone bad. She reluctantly threw the food out.

The Wallet
Jim went to the beach. He put his wallet in his swim trunks. His sister threw him in the water. His wallet fell out and got lost. Jim was angry at his sister.

Ant Colonizers
The ant hill near the maple tree geared up for an attack. The queen ant sent out messages to the army ants. The army ants readied themselves and set out for the enemy hill. When the army arrived, they mercilessly decimated the enemy hill. The queen ant moved to the more spacious neighboring hill.

The Bad Mood
James and Dominic woke up in bad moods. They spent the morning arguing. Their mother made them go outside. James pushed Dominick in the mud hole. Their mother decided it was time for them to go back to bed.

Dan and his Birds
Dan liked to watch birds. He didn't like that he had to go to the park to see the birds. Dan built a pretty birdhouse to put in his backyard. The next day there were many birds eating at his birdhouse. He can now watch birds from the comfort of his own home.

Anna's New Friend
Anna and her mother went to go to the pound to pick out a puppy. Anna liked the spotted one, but he was already adopted. She then saw an old dog in one of the kennels. Anna decided that she wanted the old dog instead. Anna and her mother went home with her new best friend!

The wrong gender.
Sylvia was pregnant. She was expecting a baby boy. She went into labor and began to give birth. Then, the baby was born. To their surprise it was actually a girl.

Sick
Penne was not feeling well. He could not go to school. His mom was supposed to go to work. She want to miss work. She called in and her boss was really mad.

Ingenious Weight Loss Plan
Arnold was overweight and he wanted to get healthier. Arnold really liked to watch television. His wife bought him a stationary bike and put it in the bedroom. Whenever Arnold wanted to watch television, he would ride the bike. Arnold lost 25 pounds and was still able to watch his favorite shows.

Paper Bag
Jim put all his things in a paper bag and left the house. It rained and Jim tried to cover the bag. The bag became soaking wet with water. The now weakened bag tore apart from all the things in it. Jim scrambled to gather his belongings in the rain.

Katie
Katie wanted a kitten. Her parents told her she could get one if she made straight As. So Katie worked hard and studied often. She made a huge effort to improve her grades. That semester, she made all A's and got her kitten!

Service
Brian always wanted to serve his country. His family wanted him to go to college. He chose to join the reserves first. He was sent off overseas to fight. He never made it back.

National Merit Scholarship
Susan was worried about how she would pay for her son's tuition. He was not big enough to get a sports scholarship. He was very smart,but most colleges would not give merit scholarships. She and her husband made too much money for need scholarships. Susan discovered National Merit and her son got full tuition covered.

Do It for the Likes
Yesterday, George was going for a run through the Nature Preserve. He saw several deer during his run. George stopped to take pictures of them. He posted them on Instagram and got several hundred likes. Now he does the same thing every day, just for the likes.

Shortcut
Eric walked through the city park on his way to a bar. He was in a hurry so he decided to take a shortcut. Eric hopped over the fence and cut across the grass. A park ranger saw this and yelled at him. Eric ran off and hoped that he was not being chased.

Shooting Hoops
Colby always wanted to play Basketball for his school. It was time for tryouts so Colby decided to go and tryout. The coach said that Colby had a lot of talent and skills. Colby was chosen to be on the team and was ready to play. He went to his first game and scored twenty points.

Penguin
Terry visited the local zoo. He saw many great apes. He started acting silly to try to get a reaction from the ape. The ape charged the glass aggressively and scared Terry. Terry decided to never do that again.

Wet Dog
Bob was playing catch with his dog. Bob threw a tennis ball. The tennis ball landed in a pond. His dog swam in the pond to retrieve the ball. Afterwards, Bob had to dry his dog with a towel.

Sam's Salami
Sam loved to eat salami. He would eat as much salami as he could get his hands on. One day his mother bought a whole pound of salami from the store. Sam waited until she left the house and devoured it whole! That day Sam gained a whole pound of salami weight!

Beth's Sausage
Beth had the best spices in town. She decided to go into the meat business. She incorporated her spices into each cut of meat. Her spiced sausages became legendary in her town! She sold packs of sausage by the hundred!

Kelly
Kelly was a skateboarder on her first visit to California. Her cousin took her to the beach to try her hand at surfing. Kelly was afraid, but she agreed to give it a shot. To her shock, she found she could stabs and ride with ease. Kelly could surf the waves as well as she could skate the sidewalks!

At The Stop Light
Gina was sitting at a stop light in the turn lane. She was getting on the highway to go home. But the traffic below made her think twice. As the light turned green traffic began to move. Gina got out of the turn lane, and stayed on the streets instead.

Horses
Four friends like to ride horses. They went and caught mustangs. The four friends domesticated the mustangs. The friends rode the horses from mexico to canada. The four friends never forgot that trip.

Clean Sweep
Billy was going to have his boss over for dinner. He needed to clean up his house. He went to his closet to get his favorite vacuum. Billy got so into vacuuming that he lost track of time. He was still vacuuming when his boss arrived.

The NFL
Paul loved football more than anything else in the world. Although he was from a small town, he always thought he could make it. He fought for a walk on spot on his team in college. Eventually, he was starting and picking up first team honors. Everyone doubted Paul, until his name was called on NFL draft day.

Sal's Sardines
Sal loved to go fishing. Sal always wanted to catch a big fish but never did. All he could catch were small sardines. He decided to sell the small sardines anyways. People loved his sardines and were willing to pay large sums for them!

Wedding
Sheri was so excited for her big day. She waited all her life to get married. She had bought the most beautiful dress. She had met the man of her dreams. This was going to be the first day of her new married life.

The One Who Got Away
Gus always loved Dalilah. He thought she loved him back. One day he suggested she leave her husband for him. She declined his offer. Gus was heartbroken.

Puffy
Rachel's face felt very puffy one day. So she went online and looked up a recipe to de-puff her face. She cut cucumber slices and put them on her eye. Then she de-puffed with cool tea bags. Soon Rachel's face was smooth and firm once again!

Midnight Garbage
It was midnight. And Erin needed to take out the trash. She stepped outside and headed towards the garbage bin. When she opened it, a cat jumped out. Erin decided to never take out the trash at night again.

Samuel and the Blind Student
The student ahead of Samuel on the steps was walking very slowly. Samuel became irritated at his slow pace. He yelled at the student to move faster. Then he realized the student was blind. Samuel felt foolish and ashamed.

Forgotten Birthday
I asked my girlfriend if we can visit my friend. Since she thought that I knew about her birthday, she said yes. When we got inside of the place, my friend's brother called us. He told us to hide. When my friend came, he surprised him for his birthday party.

Drum
The boy was walking up the street. He seen a dark item on the road. He decided to get closer. He found out it was a drum. He took the drum to the pawn shop and sold it.

New Car
My uncle wanted to get a new car. He went to the dealership by himself. When he got back to his house he had a sports car. My aunt was upset and made him take it back. He got a reasonable sedan instead.

Everyone's Favorite
There was an office party where Steve worked. He was told to bring a dessert. He brought everyone some baklava. Nearly everyone was hesitant to try it at first. It was a slow start but people began to eat it all.

Detour
Michael liked being on time for work. He left his house early for traffic. When Michael went to get off on his exit it was closed. He was sent on a detour and was twenty minutes late. Michael was so embarrassed about being late to work.

Diabetes and Moods
Hank has been a diabetic his whole life. Hank does not always take care of this by taking his medicine. Hank's blood sugar spikes or drops without medicine. When Hank's blood sugar does this, he becomes very irritable. Therefore, it is important for him to be consistent with his care.

Embezzlement
The school staff was raising money for field day by having a car wash. Many individuals came with their vehicles in order to get it washed. The school made a large profit from the rate of the activity. Elena, the treasurer ended up taking half of it to pay for her bills. When the school found out, she got fired from her job.

Mouse
We lived in a housing project. The place had mice. One day I saw  mouse eating bread on the table. I hit the mouse on the head with a hand broom. I was glad to get rid of this pest.

Riding horses
Kayla couldn't wait to go horseback riding. She had never been before. Her boyfriend decided to take her for a ride. When she got on the horse it was a great feeling. She couldn't wait to go back to the stable.

Went to bed early
Yesterday was a long day. I was out doing errands for hours. As a result I decided to go to sleep. I set my alarm for the next day. When I woke up I felt refreshed.

Lost and Found
Fred decided to walk home from school one day. His parents were on vacation. He thought he knew where he was going. But he found himself in a strange neighborhood. Luckily, he ran into a classmate who invited him inside.

Popping Corn
Dan was hungry. He went to the kitchen to make a snack. He put a bag of popcorn in the microwave. When it was finished, he put the microwave in a bowl. Dan returned to the couch and watched a movie with his snack.

The Box
A woman came out of the cafe with a box. While walking by, I attempted to hold the door for her. She screamed at me because she thought I was a chauvinist. I backed away warily and went on my way. She dropped the box full of puppies and one of them died.

Online Dating
Kristy has been striking out with men lately. She has gone on dates that friends have set her up with almost weekly. None of them have yet to work out though. As a last attempt Kristy tried online dating. In a month she found someone that she is now in a relationship with!

Bob's dream.
Bob's dream was to be a soccer player. His peers kept on telling him he wouldn't make it. Bob started training every day to be able to run faster. Bob later tried out for his soccer team. Bob was finally able to make it because of his hard work.

Ivy
Ivy wanted to date Jason, but her parents said no. They thought he was a bad guy. Then Ivy set up a meeting between her parents and Jason. They decided that Jason was charming and polite and after all. They told Ivy that she was allowed to date him after all!

Tea Time
Arthur decided he wanted to make tea. First, he set the kettle on to boil. Then, he poured the water over the tea bag to steep. Once the tea was done, he took a sip. It was perfect.

Thanksgiving
John was traveling to New York state to visit his family. It was the day before Thanksgiving. On the highway about halfway there, his tire blew on his car. A passerby stopped to give him a ride to the nearest gas station. He got to his family in time and he was most thankful for the passerby.

Night Call
Tre went out for a pleasant walk in the evening air. It was a perfect evening, and Tre felt very happy. He came upon a group of friends, and enjoyed their company. Tre stopped by the store and bought a soda and some skittles. He then continued on his way home.

The Marathon Friend
Phil wanted to run a marathon. Phil tried to run to prepare for the race. Phil was really struggling with motivation. Another racer asked Phil to train with him. Phil was able to prepare for the race and finished the marathon.

Snowboarding
I was on vacation in colorado. I went to the snowboarding hill. I brought my snowboard and put on my goggles. I went down the hill and had a blast. I went back to my hotel and warmed up.

Bandit Run
The police pulled Michael to the side of the road. When he took Michael's license, he noticed that it's outdated. Michael tried to run away. The police eventually caught up with him. Michael ended up getting tackled.

Blueberry Struggles
Julia and Michelle deciding to go blueberry picking on a summer day. They went to the closest berry farm. They grabbed a bucket to put their berries in. They spent most of the time laughing and eating from the bushes. When they were done, they only had a handful of berries in the bucket!

Water Leak
I saw a water spot on my ceiling. I decided to go in the attic to investigate. It turns out my water heater was leaking. I tried to fix it myself. I only made the problem worse so I gave up.

Quentin Tastes Cheese
Quentin has always loved eating different kinds of cheese. He decides to attend a cheese tasting party a friend is throwing. At the party he tries many cheeses, including some stinky cheese. Although he had never tried stinky cheese before, he enjoyed it. Quentin was happy he had attended the cheese tasting party.

Better To Walk Around
When I was young we had an in the ground swimming pool. One day the pump broke and my Dad called a repairman. The repair man kept having to walk around to the front for tools. Finally he decided to just jump over the wall near his truck. My dog, who had been out all along, bit him when he jumped the wall.

Game Show
Terry was excited to be going to watch a TV show live. Her husband didn't tell her which one. When they got to the set of The Price Is Right she nearly fainted. Even better, she was called to come on down. She was even happier driving home in her new car.

Abbey Takes a Vacation
Abbey packed up her luggage and went on vacation. She decided to just drive and do things on the fly. She wandered across the country for several weeks. Abbey had so much fun that she hated to go home. Abbey returned from her vacation with a new outlook on life.

Lucky Money
I decided to take a long walk down the street. As I started walking, I found $10 on the ground. I went to the store to spend the $10. As I was walking in the store, I found another $7 on the floor! I was so happy for the whole day because it was my lucky money day.

The Walk
I decided to walk to the park the other day. It was nice out and I needed the fresh air As soon as I got there it started to rainy. I took cover but the storm wouldn't pass. I walked home soaking wet and disappointed.

The forgotten bag.
Danny was on a trip with his family. They had just arrived at a hotel for the night. Danny wanted to put his pajamas on but he couldn't find his bag. They realized that his bag hadn't made it into the car. Danny's mom had to go buy him some clothes for the trip.

Mrs. Molly
Mrs Molly, was Ela's favorite barbie doll. Ela loved Mrs Molly so much that she would never let go of her. One day Ela was running with Mrs Molly and tripped and broke her arm. Her mom did not have anything to fix Mrs Molly, so she bought glue. She hugged her mom when Mrs Molly was fixed because she was so happy.

Lost
Yesterday Lauren decided to go for a walk in the woods. The woods aren't dense and are right behind her house. She thought she couldn't get lost but she was wrong. She wandered for almost an hour until she heard her dad's voice. Lauren shouted and soon her dad came running to rescue her!

Museum Trip
Frank has a school trip to the local museum. He was always interested in History and its progression. Frank asked his mother for money to go on the trip. His mother refused because she had bills to pay. Frank was very upset that he missed out on this trip.

Med School
Vivian wanted to be an artist. Her parents said she had to go to medical school. Vivian painted a beautiful picture. It was of an asian resident in medical school crying. She showed it to her parents, and they were unmoved.

The Cat Came Back
Mary let her cat out one night after constant meowing. The cat ran off into the darkness. Mary wondered what the cat would bring home tonight. She collected a pail and shovel to clean up the inevitable. Two hours later the cat was back with a big rat to lay at Mary's feet.

Telling Tales
Zoe loved to go to the class taught by a new teacher in school. The teacher spun crazy tales before getting down to work. Word got back to the principal about the teacher's method. The principal asked Zoe what went on in the class. Zoe spun her own tale about a teacher who did everything by the book.

Baby Drama
Mary had been taking care of the baby at night for the past week. She needed her husband to take over for a night so she could sleep. Her husband complained that it wasn't that hard. So he agreed to do it to try and prove his point. Mary smirked at her husband's exhausted face the next morning.

Braided
Kim's mother put braids in her hair. Kim wanted to wear her hair loose. She took one of the braids down. She wore the down braid as a bangs in the front. Kim decided it looked much better.

Todd's Fever
One day, Todd woke up with a fever. He did not want to go to the doctor. Todd stayed in bed all day. He took a vitamin supplement. The next day, his fever was gone.

Desert Hike
I was hiking through the desert. I was on my way to get to a large canyon. I walked through a large open dry area. I finally made it to the canyon and went swimming. After that, I walked back to my car and went home.

Laundry Day
Joe collected all his shirts and pants for laundry. He put them in the washer and waited for them to be done. When they were clean, he put them in the dryer on high. The dryer shrunk most of his clothes to make them too small. Joe couldn't wear them anymore so he gave them away.

First time Biking
I once tried to help my daughter learn how to ride a bike. She have been begging me to teach her, every since I purchased it. She woke me up one day at 8am with the helmet and knee pads in hand. We went outside and started practicing. After a hour of teaching she finally caught on and took off riding!

Frienemies
Cam is back from Arizona to visit her friends and family. She goes and visits some friends. She hears them talking behind her back about wanting her to leave. The next day a group of her friends go swimming and don't invite her. Cam is very sad and hurt by her friend's actions.

Raffle
Paula paid five dollars to enter a raffle. The prize for the raffle was a car. She liked to fantasize about winning the car. When the raffle was finished, Paula did not win. She felt like it was worth it, though, because it was fun to dream.

Camera
Mike was into photography. He wanted to try his hand at being a photographer. Mike really wanted a DSLR camera to get started. His wife surprised him with one on his 26th birthday. Mike was thrilled and uses the camera every chance he gets.

Sleepy
I decided to go to a party. It was late at night and I was sleepy. I regretted my decision but I decided to stay at the party. The next day, I felt terrible. I learned that I should not go to parties late a night.

Running in a race
Kelly decided to run a race with her friends. At first she was doing well. Then she slipped and fell. She ended up scraping her knee. Thankfully she has a band aid on her?

New Shoes
Tammy fell in love with a pair of heels at the mall. They were perfect for the big dance coming up. She saved up for weeks to get them. When she went to the store they didn't have them in her size. She bought a bigger pair but couldn't walk in them.

Lawn
George noticed that his grass was looking very poor. He decided to make a change and work on his lawn. He purchased grass seed and weed killer and put them down. He watered and mowed his lawn on a regular basis. George noticed after about a month that his lawn looked fantastic.

Getting makeup done
Lily was about to go on the red carpet. She was very nervous. She proceeded to get her makeup done. Unfortunately they screwed up. It therefore made lily late.

Snowball Fight
Stacy was excited when she woke up and saw it had snowed overnight. She wanted to throw a snowball at her mother. But her mom warned her she would get in trouble if she did. Stacy still had a good time playing, and was on her way back inside. She was suddenly hit with a snowball, and her mother was the culprit!

Wireless Mouse
Kenny prefered to play PC games with a wireless mouse. Shane warned Kenny that the mouse would run out of batteries. Kenny was unfazed. Shane and Kenny were playing a competitive game. Kenny's mouse's batteries died at an inopportune time.

Dinner plans
John wanted to take Sue to dinner. He finally got the nerve to ask her out. He called and asked her to dinner. They decided on a restaurant. They had an enjoyable evening.

Left and Found
I went to a doctor's appointment last week. I had to leave in a hurry when I was done. I realized when I got home later that day I left my sweater. I had to rush back up there to see if someone had returned it. Luckily when I got there it had been set aside and I retrieved it.

A relaxing bath.
Samantha had a long day. She decided to take a bath. She filled the tub with warm water. Then, she added some nice salts. Finally, she enjoyed her bath.

Donald the Politician
Donald wanted to run for president. He promised that he would be the best president there ever was. He said that he wanted to make America great again. However, nobody believed his wild claims. He was forced to abandon the race and go back to his business.

Exploring
Shawn was driving along a country road late one night. He saw an old farmhouse and decided to explore it. He went inside the front door and it was so dark. He tripped over some plaster on the floor and fell down. Shawn knew he should have brought a flashlight!

Baseball Game
Terry enjoyed attending games of his favorite teams. He would always go to his local stadium and watch them. One day Terry went to the stadium and found out it closed down. Terry was very upset that he had to travel far to see his games. Terry eventually petitioned that the state open up the stadium again.

Eating the Rod
I threw my string across the water. After a few minutes, the fish got caught on the hook. It put up a large fight since it was trying to bite the line off. it managed to escape. I decided to pack up and go home.

A Rice Diet
Ray was very hungry and wanted to eat rice. He went to his pantry to get his rice cooker. He filled it to the top with rice. Soon into cooking the rice cooker overflowed. He had more rice than he could eat.

Too Busy at Work
Howard loved his job. One day his boss asked him to stay over and work late. He was happy to stay and finish working on his project. He became so engrossed in his work that time seemed to fly by. He successfully completed his project, then returned home.

Gary's Store
Gary was obsessed with everything related to Christmas. He wanted to open up a Christmas themed store. He borrowed money to set up his merchandise. Gary had a hard time getting any sales in the Summer. Gary was forced to go out of business after only one year.

Grabbing Lunch
Jen wanted to grab a quick lunch. She invited her friends to eat but nobody was available. She considered skipping it but decided to go alone instead. It turned out to be a good lunch. She enjoyed her food and her time alone.

Santa Claus
On my tenth birthday, I found out the truth behind Santa Claus. I was devastated to hear that he did not exist! My parents told me that they put all the presents underneath the tree. Eventually, I understood that it was not plausible that Santa existed. After getting over it, I was able to enjoy Christmas again!

For Help
Gina's local library didn't have the books she needed. She had no way to go to another library. She shared her problem with the librarian at her local library. The librarian offered to have books mailed from another library. Gina was very pleased with this option.

The Festival
Leslie was in charge of the parks and recreation department. She wanted to build a new park. She decided to throw a town festival to raise money. No one was interested so she brought in farm animals to attract kids. A lot of people showed up and she raised a lot of money.

Deposit
A man went to the bank to take some money out. He went to the ATM to get $900 to pay for rent. The machine displayed that he was 23 cents short. The man took out all he had anyway. He paid his landlord and promised the 23 cents as soon as he got it.

Weight
Breanna wants to lose some weight. She decides to go jogging. She made it into a routine and jogged everyday. She then lost 5 pounds in 2 weeks. She was happy and decides to do it for another month.

Trip to the Beach
We packed our beach bags and got in the car. We drove to the beach and parked the car. It was a long walk to get to the water. When we finally got there, we laid out our blanket. Then it started raining, so we went back home.

Recycling cans
I went to take my trash out. I noticed my recycling bin was filled with cans. I put the bin in my car. I drove to the grocery store. I recycled the cans and got money for it.

Concert Tickets
Tim wanted to go to the concert more than anything. He tried to buy tickets but they were all sold out. He heard about a giveaway on the radio. After spending almost all day on the phone he actually got through. He won two tickets and had a great time with a friend.

The Opportunity
Brandon has been a rapper for 22 years. But no one will give him a recording contract. On facebook, a record company executive said it's a lack of talent. So Brandon posted a song and asked the executive for a chance. The executive liked the song and invited Brandon to the studio.

Headache
After coming coming home from school, I was trying to my homework. I spent an hour staring at a problem that was confusing. Since it was too complicated, I started to get a headache. Eventually, my nose started running. I stopped doing my homework and went to bed.

Hunting
Barney went on his first hunting trip. His friends helped him find a good spot to hunt. He still was unable to catch anything. On the way home his friend spotted a deer. Barney was able to make his first kill on the side of the road.

Giveaway
I was award a free trip to France. Since I was reviewing for finals all week, I gave it to my friend. He decided to go to the trip. Not only did he had a good time, but he got more out of it. He told me that a random person gave him several million dollars.

Flying a kite
Tim and his dad went to the park to fly his new kite. Tim tried, but was unable to get the kite off the ground. His dad showed him how to run to get the kite in the air, Tim tried again using his dad's advice. His dad was very proud of him when the kite took to the air.

Snowballs
My daughter likes to play with snowballs. When it's really cold is her favorite. She likes to grab the snow and throw it. Today she made six snowballs. She threw and hit me with every single one.

Helping a turtle on a motorcycle ride.
Tommy went on a motorcycle ride through the hillside. He went fast around the corners. He stopped on the street when he saw a turtle in road. He grabbed the turtle and walked towards the pond near the road. He placed the turtle in the pond so that it couldn't get hurt.

Free Time
Jenny needed some free time to write her book. Her publisher was calling her asking when she was going to finish. Jenny decided to take a trip to her cabin to write. She turned off her phone and cleared her entire schedule. Now, she can finally have some free time to write her book

Boomerang
Terence took his brothers boomerang and threw it as hard as he could. He was angry at his brother, and wanted his brother to chase it back. Terence laughed and turned around to walk away. As he did, something hit him in the back of the head. Terence didn't know that boomerang's returned to the thrower.

Listen to your mother!
Sasha's mother told her to put on sunscreen before going to the beach. Sasha did not wear any sunscreen, convinced that she would be okay. She spent hours swimming at the beach. At the end of the day, Sasha's face and shoulders were very red. She regretted not listening to her mother!

Lamp Purchase
Elizabeth likes to read novels. Her apartment has very dim lights that are not good for reading. Elizabeth decided to go to a furniture store to get a proper light. She ended up spending a lot of money on a reading lamp. Elizabeth now treasures her reading lamp as it give her pleasure.

Exercise
Nick just became a personal trainer. He was looking to take on clients to make some money. He started a website to promote himself. Things started slow but he eventually built a good client base. Nick now has over twenty clients!

Grandma
Miki's grandmother was getting very old. One day she slipped on the front porch and broke her hip. Miki visited her in the hospital and promised to take care of her. When her grandmother went home, Miki visited her every day. Miki and her grandmother cherished the time they had together.

Valedictorian
As valedictorian, Jen couldn't wait to give the graduation speech. She wanted to make the speech memorable, even revolutionary. Jen's friends encouraged her to make an anti-establishment speech. As Jen took the podium, she saw a sea of proud parents looking back. Jen crumpled her anarchic speech and talked about a bright future.

Jail
Tom was sent to prison without warning. He was very confused about what happened. Suddenly, a year later they release him. They had the wrong person. Tom gets over a million from the government for it

Heather's Dessert
The office potluck was on Friday. Heather decided to bring a cheesecake for dessert. She stayed up late on Thursday night to bake the cheesecake. Heather brought the cheesecake to work on Friday morning. Everyone enjoyed eating the dessert Heather had made.

The Concert
I was going to my first concert last weekend. I was so excited, I had my camera phone ready. At the front door they said we couldn't take photos. I told them my phone camera was broken anyway. Inside the concert I took photos anyway.

Stumble
Amy was heating her food in a microwave at work. She put the timer on too high and the food was incredibly hot. As she walked to her desk she stumbled on her own foot. Amy began to fall but tried to hold onto her food. Amy spilled her food on the floor and burned herself on her hand.

Cooking incident
Last night I decided to make some eggs for dinner. I got the eggs out and put them in the pan. To my surprise I forgot to add cooking spray. I therefore added cooking spray but immediately there was a flame. I was terrified and immediately shut off the burner.

The ATM
John was at an ATM. It wanted to charge him five dollars per transaction. He decided to go to a store instead. He bought some gum and got cash back. It saved him over four dollars.

Just Desserts
Sue wanted to bring an impressive dessert to the company party. She went to a bakery and picked out fancy macaroons. She transferred the sweets from the box to her own platter. Sue's co-workers raved about the exquisite dessert. When they asked for the recipe, Sue's face reddened.

Vacation
The Smiths always go camping over spring break. This year they want to go somewhere else. They voted on a new place and chose the beach. They rented a condo and loved it. Now they want to make the beach a new tradition.

Bunny Rabbit
David asked his parents if he could bring home a bunny rabbit. He saw them as prizes at the county fair. His parents agreed, and he went to the fair with his allowance. He used all ten dollars, but he finally won a bunny. He put the bunny in a small cardboard box, and went home.

Clone
Gina was watching a TV show about clones. She thought the clones were really cool. Her mother called to her to go wash the dishes. That meant she would need to stop watching and miss a part of her show At that moment Gina really wished she had a clone of herself.

The Lottery
Just the other month, the State Lottery reached over $500 million. Jill wasn't much of a gambler, but thought it was to good to pass up. She rushed to the convenience store and bought dozens of tickets. Jill was so excited, she could barely sleep. Ultimately, she didn't win, but the hope it gave her was worth it.

Q Tips
My friends want me to get high using Q Tips. Their Qtips of choice are long ones. They insert the Qtips deep in their ears until it hits a certain spot. They start jumping and rolling around in euphoria. I made the decision never to use Q Tips

Bullies at School
Ali is new at school. All the kids make fun of her because she wears a hijab. One day on the playground other kids take the hijab off her head. Lucy stands up for her and gets the hijab back. Lucy and Ali become friends that day.

Window
Lynn loved watching the traffic outside her window. But her mom was upset, claiming Lynn wasted time daydreaming. Then one day Lynn witnessed a hit and run accident. She wrote down the license plate number and told the police. Lynn's mom was so proud of her daughter for helping!

Holding their breath
Mary had a competition with her friends. They wanted to see who could hold their breath the longest. Mary won because she held hers from 25 seconds. She made fun of her friends after she won. She realized it was bad to do that and apologized.

Clowns don't go to college.
Shad wanted to go to clown college. He loved making people laugh and wanted to do it forever. His dad thought clown college was a joke. No matter what Shad's dad said it never affected him. He hopped into his mini car and headed off to become a clown.

Spending Time
Lucy was a teenager who never found time to spend with her family. She would rather go to the mall or movies with her friends. One day her father got very sick and she rushed to the hospital. He told her that he understood she was a busy teenager. She vowed to him that she would make time to spend with the family.

Lost Dog
One day, Bob's dog ran out the door as Bob was leaving the house. Bob called the dog's name, but he kept running away and disappeared. Bob put up reward posters all over the neighborhood. Bob's neighbor called him three days later to tell him he had his dog. Bob's neighbor returned his dog and Bob gave him a $100 reward.

Swap Shop
Kay and Beth wanted to go to the swap shop. Neither had ever been and wanted to know what it was about. They entered the building and began to look around. There were lots of shops selling jewelry. Kay purchased a dress, and Beth purchased 2 necklaces.

Quarters
Rob's grandfather passed away. Rob's mother told him he was free to take a jar of old quarters. Rob found three quarters from the early 1900's. He took the quarters to a coin store. The coin store gave him $60 for the coins.

Tamil
Lonny wanted to travel to India. He knew he would have to learn Tamil. Tamil was a very important dialect in India. He studied the language for a year. Lonny is now fluent in Tamil.

Tokyo Panda
I used to take care of a stray cat named I named Tokyo Panda. We used to take walks and he loved my girl cat. I fed him daily and nursed his wounds. One day, he became sick with diarrhea, vomiting and rapid breathing. Two days later, he died the same day as his vet appointment.

Night Time is Right Time
Every day, John would go to the river to catch some fish. John always went early in the morning, but he always failed. Upset with himself, John decided to change his ways. Instead of morning, John decided to try fishing at night. John caught a bucket full, and now prefers nighttime fishing.

Sarah Cleans Her Porch
Sarah notices that her porch has become crowded and messy. She decides to clean all of the chairs and tables off her porch. When they're gone she uses a hose to get dirt off her porch. After she is complete, Sarah feels happy. She is proud that she cleaned her porch.

Stream
I was hiking in a forest. I had to cross a stream. I decided to build a bridge out of dead wood. I started to cross the bridge. The bridge collapsed and I fell into the stream.

Black eye
When I was in elementary school I got a black eye. I was running to go see the new tulips blooming when I tripped. I ended up slipping and falling on the pavement. I fell flat on my face. I ended up having a black eye for two weeks and a scrape.

Nails done
Yesterday I went to the salon. I needed to get my nails done. The nail artist painted them purple. They looked great. I couldn't wait to show my friends.

The science fair
Mark worked hard on his project for the science fair. When it was perfect he went to sleep. The next day in school he set up his project. When the judges arrived they all had high praise for his project. Mark was thrilled when it was announced he was the first prize winner!

Two Drinks
I sat down to write an essay but I felt no inspiration. To solve this I took a few drinks of beer to get going. After the third beer I really felt alive with ideas. I wrote my essay in record time. When I got sober I had to edit the essay but it was still great.

Ellie
Ellie loves to restore old furniture. She is at an estate sale looking at a dresser. She purchases the dresser but has no way to get it home. Her husband arrives in a truck and they take it home. They are very happy with their new piece.

David spills the Tea
David wanted to make some tea. He boiled the water and steeped the tea bags. Once he filled the jug with everything he set it aside on the counter. He had set it on the edge and it fell and spilled out on the floor. Now he has to clean it up and start over again.

Derek
Derek loves to collect playing cards. He heads to a thrift store and finds some classic cards. He purchases them and restores them. Sometimes he sells them. Derek makes quite a bit of money with his hobby.

No Address
Lucy was lost when an elderly woman offered to help. The woman offered to give her a ride home. Lucy realized she didn't know her grandparents address. The lady tried to calm Lucy as she began crying harder. The nice lady just smiled and drove to a police station.

Customer Service
Barbara was searching for the perfect baby shower gift. She had decided to get the new mom a car seat. But neither she nor the employee she asked could find the right one. Frustrated, Barbara called him an idiot and stormed out. Barbara realized she had been cruel, and went back to apologize.

Ice Sculptures
Pat and Lindsay were out on a date walking along the city. There we beautiful ice sculptures everywhere. Lindsay asked if she could take a picture with one. The artist agreed, and Pat snapped a photograph of her with the ice. The next morning they read that someone had sabotaged the sculptures.

Rental Cabin
Lois wanted to get away for a quiet vacation. She wanted to rent a cabin but did not know where to find options. Lois and her husband went to the lake home and cabin show. They found a lake cabin to rent less than 3 hours away. Lois and her husband had a nice time at the lake.

Career change
Bill is a great football player. But his true passion is music. Everybody thinks Bill is crazy to give up football to play music. But Bill gets the last laugh when he becomes a rich rock star. Unlike most NFL players Bill is able to enjoy his old age.

Quality
A group of friends went to a restaurant. They heard good things about it and decided to give it a try. They all ordered the same thing. They waited a long time for their meals. The meals were worth the wait because it was the best quality.

Ronald Goes Bowling
Ronald wants to think of something to do with his friends. He decides that he would like to go bowling with them. They go to the local bowling alley in the afternoon. Ronald bowls very well. He is happy that he found something to do with his friends.

Vacation
The Smith family used to go to Universal Studios for vacation. One year Universal was closed for renovations, so they went to Disney. They had a great time on all the rides at Disney World. They ate great food and watched fireworks every night. Now the Smiths go to Disney every year!

Ear Piercing
Annie begged her mom to let her get her ears pierced. Finally her mom said yes. They went to the mall. The piercer did it quickly and easily. Annie loved her new earrings.

The Race
Tyler loved to run and worked very hard. He ran after school. He ran on the weekends. He entered a race. Tyler won the race!

The State Fair
Amy was going to the Minnesota State Fair. She had been waiting all year for the 2 weeks the fair is in town. She drove to the park and ride station. An angry man informed Amy the bus was broken. Amy returned home rather than wait 2 hours for a new bus.

Wedding Date
Zach needed a date for his brothers wedding. He went all over the city talking to girls. Finally he met a girl who would go to the wedding with him. The wedding day came and she wouldn't answer her phone. This is happened before, Zach is very sad, but will enjoy the wedding.

Heavy Backpack
It was Carl's first day of middle school. And after every class, he got more and more books to carry. He put some in his backpack. But when he stood up, he fell backwards. Carl hated middle school.

An old tire
Wanda found an old tire in her front yard. Someone had just thrown it there instead of disposing of it. Wanda was going to throw it away, but wanted to recycle it. She looked online and saw a tutorial to make a pond with an old tire. Wanda followed the guide and happily enjoyed her new pond.

Sarah Eats Dinner
Sarah wants a nice meal for dinner. Sarah decides to go get seafood. Sarah orders salmon and rice. Sarah enjoys her salmon and rice dinner. Sarah orders dessert as well.

Flight to Puerto Rico.
I drove to the airport to go to Puerto Rico. When I arrived the flight was delayed because of a storm. The plane finally left but not before the connecting flight took off. I had to stay the night in Florida. The next morning the weather was perfect and I went to Puerto Rico.

Sick Day
Paul didn't want to go to school today. He pretended to be sick. He stayed home and was playing video games. When his mom saw how good he was feeling, she knew he lied. Now Paul is grounded for two weeks.

Unique Tree
When my husband and I decided to move to Florida, we sold everything. We came here with nothing but a blow up mattress to sleep on. After finally settling in, we bought a Christmas tree for our home. We bought a 6 foot fake palm tree that we decorated with seashells. This tree is a real hit on facebook to the people back home!

Riley Becomes A Teacher
Riley had always loved to teach and tutor other people. His family told him that he would be a naturally good teacher. Riley decided to try to follow their advice and become a teacher. He worked her hard to get certified as a teacher. When he finally became certified, Riley knew he was on the right path.

The line to see Santa.
Monica was taking her daughter to see Santa at the mall. The line was insanely long. Monica didn't want to wait but knew her daughter would be upset. Finally she decided to just suck it up and wait. They actually made it through the line quicker than expected.

No More Beach Balls
Last weekend Josiah had two beach balls. He loved to use them while playing in the pool. He was supposed to put them away when he was done. His mom found them on Sunday, blowing around the yard. She popped them because she was tired of  putting them away.

Train Ride
Sebastian had motion sickness every time he rode on a train. He used to take motion sickness pills before each ride. He went to his doctor to discuss the problem. His doctor told him that he needed surgery to fix the problem. Sebastian opted to not go to surgery and just deal with it.

Drop Down
Sam walked through the hallway to his office while reading a paper. A drop of water splashed on the paper as he read. Sam stopped and looked to see where it came from. Another drop of water landed on his head. Sam looked up and saw a leak in the ceiling.

A Late Assignment
Thao needed to do a school project on dinosaurs. She put off doing her research until day before the project was due. She tried to run to the library for books but it was closed! Thao was not able to complete the project on time. Thao's did not get a good grade because the project was late.

Allowance
Chris wanted money for a new bike. His dad decided to give him extra allowance if he did more chores. Chris did the chores he was asked to do. His dad gave him the extra allowance. Chris was able to get his new bike.

Stir
Hal was asked to cook the spaghetti noodles for dinner. His mom made the sauce and set the table. Hal put the noodles in the boiling water and set the timer. He returned to strain the spaghetti but everything stuck to the pot. He forgot to stir the spaghetti noodles and dinner was ruined.

Reality tv marathon
One of my guilty pleasures is watching reality tv. Yesterday I felt lazy and decided to stay in all day. I turned on the television and out on reality tv. The kardashians were on. I ended up watching for six hours.

Butterfly Net
Tiffany loved butterflies. Because of this, her grandparents bought her a butterfly net. She hunted and caught the butterflies to put them in a jar. Dismayed, she found her butterflies dead later. Tiffany broke her butterfly net in half.

Inside an Igloo
India had the opportunity to visit Alaska. However, India was more excited to visit an Igloo village. At the village, India got to eat local foods with the natives. In addition, India's got to fulfill her dream of going inside an Igloo. India was so excited, that she took pictures inside the Igloo.

The Table
My aunt has a table that wobbles. She has placed it in different places. She has put small items under some of the legs. It continues to wobble. The only thing she refuses to do is replace it.

The Blocked Tunnel
An archeologist was studying some old ruins. His team discovered an old tunnel and decided to explore it. When they entered the tunnel, they found a large barrier. They grabbed some dynamite and blew the entrance open. When they opened the wall, they saw that the tunnel was empty.

Fun for the Cat
We have a cat that has been declawed. She always tries to climb trees whenever we take her outside. She never gets far and I think that makes her unhappy. Today after I put up our artificial Christmas Tree I heard a noise. I looked in the tree and saw the cat happily sitting on a branch.

christmas lights
Ben was decorating the house for Christmas. He decided to put lights on the roof too. He climbed his ladder and draped them up there. Then he climbed down and surveyed his work. He now had the most festive house on the block!

Gas Money
Maria just got her driver's license. Her friend all wanted to go to the movies. Maria needed money for gas to get there. Maria made her friends each give her five bucks for gas. Maria filled her tank and had money to spare.

Embarrassing violin
Last night was my violin concert. I was nervous to get onstage. I looked at my violin. It had all these scratches. I hoped no one would notice.

The Big Promotion
Larry was up for a big promotion He had already spent the money on a new pool. When it came time for the promotion Larry didn't get it. He was devastated. He went into debt over the pool.

Gift for Mom
Me and my brother needed to get my mom a gift. We knew she wanted a new tablet. We decided to put our money together and get her the tablet. Excited, we gave her the gift. She was thrilled and cried when she saw what it was.

Shiloh
Shiloh is the third dog that I have owned. She is the most loving and friendly dog ever! Everytime I leave the house Shiloh misses me very much. When I return home she greets me with a smile and wagging tail. Shiloh makes it fun to come home.

Bill Meets Ted
Bill was out one Friday afternoon and decided to go to a coffee shop. There, he ordered his favorite coffee drink, an iced caramel latte. He sat down to read a book, and he saw a man with the same book. They struck up a conversation about the book that lasted three hours. His name was Ted, and he was Bill's new best friend.

The visit
Amy's friend Beth came for a visit from out of state. Amy was happy to see Beth after 2 years away. They went to the theater, and the museum. After 3 days Beth left and returned home. Amy was very happy with Beth's visit.

A Pop Quiz
Mister Smith's students would not stop talking. So Mister Smith decided he was going to give them a pop quiz. He told the class to each pull out a piece of notebook paper. He read the questions out loud as they scribbled down their answers. He then collected the papers to grade that night.

In the sky
A man drove his car on an open road. He saw something fall from the sky. He drove his car in that direction. After 3 miles he arrived at the thing. He stopped his car and looked at it before driving off.

Surprise
Billy and mandy were best friends. One day mandy decided to give billy a present. She put a tarantula in a box of chocolates. When they met up, mandy handed billy the chocolate box. When billy found the tarantula, he fainted.

Dead motor
My husband and I own a small boat. We often take the boat fishing in Mexico. One night it was close to sunset and we decided to come in. The motor died so we had to paddle over one mile back to shore. We arrived safely after 2 hours.

Bill Goes to Graduate School
Bill decides that he wants to pursue a master's degree after college. While his friends are all looking for jobs, he is applying for school. At first Bill worries that he is making the wrong decision. However, when he gets to graduate school, he feels great. Bill is proud that he will soon have a master's degree.

New TV
John was excited to get a new 60 inch TV. He mounted the TV on his wall. As he was watching the football game his dog knocked over his TV. The TV broken in a million pieces. John called his insurance company and was able to get a replacement.

Scanner 8
Terry had several items to ship to customers. He had limited time to do this, as he wanted happy customers. Terry efficiently had them all ready for one visit to the post office. He would go on to repeat this process and gained a good reputation. His business took off from there and earned him a comfortable living.

Blown Away
Kim was flying a kite. All of a sudden the wind picked up. She tried to hold on but it was too much. The kite flew away. Her father reprimanded her severely over it.

New Parents
Gina gave birth to a baby girl at the hospital. On the way home, her and her husband were nervous. They walked into their house and were even scared to drop her. They spent more time with their new baby and became used to her. They realized that they were overreacting and were going to be fine.

Motorcycle
Eli got a new motorcycle last summer. He took it out for a ride one hot afternoon. Eli rode to his friend's house. His friend got out his motorcycle. The two of them rode together for hours.

Roaches
I came home one day to find the biggest roaches dead on my floor. So I went to the store and bought some bombs. I set them up upstairs and downstairs. The bombs went off. I have not seen anymore roaches.

Fright Flight
My friend Jason was taking flying lessons. One pretty Saturday he invited me to go up with him on a flight. On the tarmac I saw we would be flying in a tiny prop plane. Jason did barrel rolls, dips, and engine stalls. When we landed I kissed the ground more than once.

Feeding Ducks
I was at the lake last weekend. While walking by the ducks I decided to throw some bread at them. They liked it and chased me as I walked away. No matter how fast I went they kept chasing. I had to run to my car and drive away from the darn ducks.

Heaven on Earth
Hallie recently moved from her hometown of Miami, to Washington, DC. However, Thanksgiving was a week away, and she was feeling lonely. Hallie decided, that maybe a trip to Miami would lift her spirits. As Hallie arrived, she was greeted by her family and friends. Hallie realized that she was home, her heaven on Earth.

Hair Tape
My Grandma is out of her hair tape. She uses it to keep her hair in place while she sleeps. She got to Sally's but they are out. The other beauty store does not know what she is talking about. Grandma doesn't know what to do, she hates messy hair.

The Camp Drop Off
Jessie was about to go to summer camp. First, his mom had to drive him to the bus stop to catch the camp bus. They had to drive through the woods, and through a big city. Finally, they arrived at the bus stop. Jessie said goodbye to his mom and boarded the camp bus.

Conrad Wears a Scarf
Conrad notices that his city has become very cold this winter. He knows he needs to dress warmer, but he doesn't know what to wear. Finally a friend convinces him to try wearing a scarf to stay warmer. Conrad has never worn one before, but he finds that he loves it. He is very happy to have a scarf for the cold weather.

Love Letters
Kevin wrote his crush love letters often. He never got the courage to give her any. Instead he hid them in his locker. One day his crush accidentally found them all. She thought it was a bit creepy and a bit romantic.

County fair blues
My family went to the county fair. My brother ate a lot of fried bread. He wanted to get on the roller coaster. I told him it was a bad idea. He got very sick during the ride.

Going Fishing
Alfred invited a few friends over to go fishing. His friends arrived in the early morning. Alfred and friends rented a boat to go fishing. Bad weather began setting in near the fishing spot. Alfred and his friends had to call off their plans for the day.

The Movies
Two teenagers decided to go see a movie. After the movie, they were bored. They realized that they could just walk into another movie. They knew it was wrong but did it anyways. A worker caught them sneaking in and they were kicked out.

BRAND NEW CAR
Cathy was on the hunt for a brand new car. Nothing was just so perfect for Cathy to ride in. After going in and out of about ten car lots, she narrowed it down . Cathy put her eyes on the convertible candy apple red Corvette Finally, Cathy finished all the paperwork and bought the Corvette.

Mile Run
In high school we had to run a mile on a regular basis. I dreaded the day each time it came. I was always one of the last students to finish the mile. When I got older I decided to train myself to run a mile faster. I met my goal and was very proud of myself.

Dr Pimple Popper.
My girlfriend loves showing me internet videos. The video are usually of annoyingly cute animals. So with my guard down I go to watch a video with her. It's a guy named Dr Pimple Popper and it is exactly as it sounds. I learned two things, she is twisted and I can't eat alfredo anymore.

Bike Accident
Ken loved driving his motorcycle. He would go on long rides on the weekend. One day he got hit by a truck while on his bike. Ken broke several bones and took a long time recover. After he healed he sold his bike to pay for medical expenses.

Loose Tooth
Enid was desperate to get her loose tooth out. She tried to pull it out but it was too slippery. Finally she tied some dental floss around it. Her brother grabbed the other end and pulled. It popped out before she felt a thing.

No Salsa
Janie and Tom decided to go salsa dancing. When they arrived to the place, Janie was disappointed. The people were offbeat and seemed to not know salsa at all. She decided to take over, so she went to the middle and danced hard. She took over the whole class, and Tom was happy.

New lock
Kelly had an experience with closet theft. Because of this she decided to get a lock. She ended up getting a fingerprint lock. She loved it. Now she could have some piece of mind.

The Movie Night
Amber and Chad wanted to go to the movies. However they had other plans. They decided to bail on their other plans. They lied to their family. The couple had a great time at the movies.

Live Food
Marcus had never eaten anything that wasn't completely cooked before. He also didn't particularly want to! But his friends wanted to go to a restaurant that served food live. Marcus went along, and was served live prawns. It was an odd, but not entirely bad, experience.

Foot Race
Pete could run faster than any boy he knew. So when a new girl at school challenged him to a race he just laughed. He knew he could beat her easily so he agreed. The day of the race their friends all gathered around. She was faster than him, beating him by four seconds!

Putting up the Christmas Tree
Kelly and her family were about to put up the Christmas Tree. Her father got a fake tree and the three of them put it up. Kelly got excited to put the cute ornaments on the tree. Looking from a distance, the tree looked amazing. Kelly took a picture that would last a long time.

Walking the Cat
Milly decided she was going to take her cat for a walk. Dogs went for walks all the time, so cats should have the chance, too. She clipped a leash onto her cats collar. It was difficult getting her outside, but then she was fine. The cat actually liked walking on the leash!

Spaghetti
Samantha was going to make spaghetti but she was out of noodles. She got her keys and left to go to the grocery store. Samantha picked out the noodles she wanted to used and bought them. Then she drove back to her house. She made the spaghetti with her newly bought noodles.

Do it yourself haircut
Roxy hasn't had a haircut in 3 years. Her hair is down to her knees. The hair is starting to get in her way. So Roxy decides to cut 10 inches off all by herself. Her hair is now to her hips.

Track Team
Jolene joined the track team at school. She was the worst on the team, but she tried her best. After a long time, she started to get better. Eventually she was the best on the team! Jolene was glad she worked so hard.

Tim builds a birdhouse
Tim wanted to build a bird house on his day off. He went to the store to pick up supplies for it. Tim knew how to put those supplies together. The bird house came out very neat. Tim hung it outside for the birds to use.

Roller Coaster
Bobby is at the amusement park, but is terrified of roller coasters. Still, he wants to face his fears. He decides to ride the biggest roller coaster at the park. He is terrified at first, but loves the adrenaline rush. Now Bobby will always face his fears.

Internet
I called Centurylink to get internet. The person on the phone asked for my information. I gave the person my billing information. I told the person that I wanted the cheapest plan available. The person told me my new modem would arrive in a few days.

Dead Sister
My sister and I had an argument. She stormed out of the house and drove away. After a few hours, I began to get concerned. Suddenly, I received a phone call from the police. They informed me that my sister crashed her car and died.

Walk outside
Heather was home from college. She decided to take a walk in her neighborhood. To her surprise, she saw her enemy Rebecca. The two exchanged glances. Luckily Becca did not say anything and just walked away.

Driving
Amy was a new driver. She was in high school and only worked part time. Amy wanted to buy gas but wanted to go where she knew it was cheap. On the way her car ran out of gas. Amy's father was furious he had to bring her gas.

Birthday Gift
Brad's little brother was about to have a birthday. His brother loved comic books, and Brad wanted to get him one. He asked the comic book store employee for a first edition. The employee found one, and told Brad it would be two hundred dollars. Brad decided to get his little brother something else instead.

Shots
Timmy had a checkup today. He was scheduled to get shots. His mommy took him to the doctor. Timmy was scared, but he stayed brave. He got the shots, and didn't even cry.

Injury
Yesterday i jammed my thumb on my desk. It hurt real bad but i didn't do anything about it. My buddy told me to put ice on it to keep it from swelling. I probably should've listened because today it's swelled up. I told my buddy next time I'll listen to him.

Pet Rat
When I was eight I wanted a pet rat. My grandma told me yes even though my mom said no. She took to the pet store to get my new friend Oreo. When I got home I instantly had to take him back. I had a pet rat for less than one hour.

Church
Em loved to go to church every Sunday, but then she had a conflict. Her friend told her there was a great club that met on Sunday morning. Em was torn: it sounded fun, but should she miss church? Then her friend told her something else that solved her problem. The club was a youth group that met right after Sunday church service!

From Deep
Tom had possession of the ball. The shot clock was running out, but he decided to move slowly. After his teammate created a screen, he made a three-pointer. The ball bounced from the rim, but landed in the hoop. All of his teammates cheered for him.

Ricky Ties A Bowtie
Ricky had always wanted to learn to tie a bowtie. He tried many times, but could not get it right. Finally Ricky asked his friend for advice on tying one. Ricky's friend gave an excellent lesson on bow tie tying. Ricky was happy that he could finally tie a bowtie.

The Pedicure
Amy was going on a date. She told her friend she was going to paint her toenails. Her friend suggested they get pedicures. Amy met her friend at the salon where they got the pedicures. Afterwards Amy wished she had just done her nails and saved the money

Wisdom teeth
When I was 23, I was told I had to get my wisdom teeth out. I went to a doctor and had an appointment. They gave me some local anesthetics. It numbed the pain and I felt them remove the teeth. I was sore for a few days, but I got past it.

Skip Day
Jason was tired of school and wanted a day off. He decided to skip Tuesday. Instead he went to the mall to hang out. Unbeknownst to him his parents were there buying clothes. They saw him and grounded him for two weeks.

The Betrayal
Charles thought Rodney Maze was an interesting guy. He didn't think Rodney would take advantage of him. He was wrong. Rodney used Charles' house phone for a long distance call. Next, Rodney left and Charles received a $600 phone bill.

The late gift.
June was supposed to get a gift for a secret Santa exchange. She didn't have a lot of money and planned on waiting for awhile. It started getting so close to Christmas that she had to buy the gift. Unfortunately, it wouldn't be shipped in time for Christmas. Even though the gift arrived late, the giftee still appreciated it.

Dog Adoption
Jose loves dogs very much. He attended a shelter one day that had tons of dogs that needed homes Jose asked what happens to the dogs the don't get a home. He was told eventually they get put down. Jose adopted five dogs that day to save them.

The Day Jimmy Lost Control
One day snow and ice covered the ground. Jimmy thought it was safe to drive to work. He was halfway to work when he lost control of the car. He slid into the ditch. Thankfully Jimmy was okay.

Surfing
Drew wanted to learn to surf. He bought a surfboard and set out to the ocean. Unfortunately he lived in the middle of the country. He was miles from the ocean. It took him Years to get there.

James
James loves to go fishing He would always bring his dog. After James' dog died, he fished alone James has fond memories of his dog while fishing. James still loves to fish even if he is alone.

Mice
In 2007, our condo building was infested with mice. I put sticky traps everywhere. I caught a few, but they kept coming. I paid a contractor to seal every crack with foam. The mice no longer came to our condo.

Rufus Buys A Beer
Rufus is late meeting his friends at happy hour. When he arrives, all of his friends are already there. Rufus decides he needs to get a beer and join them. He goes to the bar and orders one beer. Rufus feels glad that he can finally join his friends.

Alarm clock
Amber always slept in late. Problem was she has a child that needs to get up early to go to school She often overslept. Her child missed the buss a lot. She got a new alarm clock that she could wake up to.

A souvenir.
Madison was at the aquarium. She wanted to get a souvenir for her friend. She looked through the gift shop. At first she had a hard time choosing something. Then, she found the perfect hat for her friend.

Qwirkle
Beth got the game Qwirkle on her birthday. She asked her dad to play with her. He helped her figure out where to put pieces. But they didn't keep score. They both had a lot of fun.

others thoughts
Judy was always worried about what other people thought of her. She didn't go outside. She didn't speak her mind. She listened to a affirmation tape for four weeks. Now, she doesn't worry about what others think.

Running late
Emma forgot to set her alarm clock before bed. She woke up 20 minutes later than usual. Emma hurried to get dressed and eat. Emma rushed to put on her shoes. She made it to the corner just as the school bus pulled up.

Benson
Benson never ate peas before. One day his mom made peas and he refused to eat them. his mom wouldn't let him leave the table until he ate the peas. He eventually ate the peas and regrets his stubbornness. Benson learned a lesson about not being so stubborn.

Horses
Josh has always wanted to ride a horse. His mom set him and his brother up to take lessons together. Josh had to ride a little pony for the first time, he wasn't happy. The pony got stung on the butt by a bee, causes it to buck. Josh decided he didn't want to ride horses anymore.

Chess Game
Ryan and Jess played a game of chess. Ryan took several of Jess' pieces. She however was able to take a majority of his pieces. He scrambled to move his king away. Though Jess finally checkmated his king.

The baby fall.
Andrea was in the kitchen. Suddenly, she heard a fall and a cry. She ran to her toddler's room. He had been standing on his tricycle and had fallen. Andrea helped him up and gave him a hug until he felt better.

Making Chili
I went to the store to get stuff for chili. I bought beans, diced tomatoes, and beef. It was a very easy recipe to make. I combined all of the ingredients in a big pot. After they boiled for a half hour I served them to my guests.

Peppermint
Lee is a great baker. His girlfriend loves peppermint. Lee wanted to give his girlfriend a gift. He made her peppermint cookies. His girlfriend at them all.

French Class
Brenda wanted to learn how to speak French. So she decided to take a French class. She became fluent in French. But she had no one to speak French with. Brenda regret learning French.

ice skating
Ana wanted to go ice skating. But she didn't have a pair of ice skates! She asked her cousin to borrow her a pair. He agreed and gave them to her. Ana had a great time ice skating in her borrowed skates!

Thanksgiving
Our family was excited to spend Thanksgiving at the cabin. The cabin was located far back in the woods. After eating, our family went for a walk in the woods. We also went for a hayride through the woods. We had a wonderful time celebrating Thanksgiving at the cabin.

Art
Susie was an aspiring artist. She tried to get her art published in the art museum. For ten Years she painted and got rejected. She finally decided to draw from her heart, and she published it. The art gallery accepted her painting, and she was very happy.

headphones
Ana's parents told her her music was too loud. But Anna needed it to fall asleep! She thought about it and came up with a solution. She decided to wear headphones at night. Her parents were very happy with Ana's solution!

Flea Market
Johnny was excited to go the the flea market with his mom. When they got there they went from table to table. He finally asked his mother when they were going to see the fleas. She laughed, telling him there weren't actually fleas at flea markets. He was extremely disappointed.

The Cold
It was a cold and wet winter day. Kim left work after dark to find the street had frozen over. She tried to drive up a small hill and got stuck. Traffic was backed up as Kim slid down the slick hill. Kim was forced to back onto a side street to get out of traffic.

Rex Shovels Snow
Rex loves to go skiing when it is snowing on a weekend day. However, one day his mother calls him to ask him to shovel her porch. Rex decides to skip skiing for the day to help his mother shovel. After a long day of shoveling, Rex decides he hasn't missed skiing. He decides to always help his mother shovel instead of skiing.

Ranked
Two tennis players were playing a match. The winner would go on to play the top ranked player. One of the players served the ball so hard the other played missed. The player who missed had lost the match. He was so upset that he threw his racket at the other player.

Watching The Waves
Sonny enjoyed watching the waves crash against the shore. He would go there daily to see if the waves got bigger. There was a storm recently that caught him off guard. The waves smashed against the shore and scared Sonny. Sonny did not go back to that place again.

Downtown
Joe was bored. Joe wanted to go out. Joe call his friends to go out. Joe and his friends went out downtown. Joe had a lot of fun with his friends.

Easter egg hunting
Yesterday I decided to go Easter egg hunting. We made it a family affair. We looked everywhere for the one hundred eggs. Finally an hour later we found them all. It was a fun time.

Potty Training Anna
Anna was ready for potty training. She knew the word potty, bring diapers when wet. Carol and I bought her a potty chair. We both introduced Anna to her chair and the first night she used it. Now Anna is completely out of diapers.

New candy shop
Kelly wanted to go to the new candy shop. It just opened up around the corner. When Kelly walked in she was amazed. Everything looked delicious. She ended up buying five bags of candy.

Christmas Decorating
Margaret did not feel like putting her usual Christmas lights outside. She told her kids she probably would not put them up this year. Her daughter came to visit that weekend and offered to do the job. Margaret liked spending time with her daughter and ended up helping. Margaret ended up enjoying the day of decorating after all.

Bank
Tom needed to get a bank account. He was trying different banks but did not know what to choose. He tried TD bank finally. He got free candy and free pens. He signed up with TD.

Chuck's Track Meet
Chuck had a big track meet coming up, and wanted to get a medal. He decided to pay for a private trainer to help improve his speed. His trainer made him work harder than he ever had before. Eventually Chuck became incredibly fast. Chuck blew away his competitors at the meet and won the gold medal.

Moving
Paula wanted to move to Denver, Colorado. She saved up for the move and looked for work in the area. She found work with a hotel in the city. She moved there and found the atmosphere amazing. Paula felt that she was living the dream.

Thunder Drums
Joey bought a drum set. He set it up in his basement. He started to play along to a song on the radio. His neighbors were annoyed by the noise. They called the police to file a noise complaint!

The Tomato Plant
Amy loved tomatoes. She loved them so much that she decided to grow tomatoes herself. She bought a tomato plant and put it out on her front porch. The sun beat down on the tomato plant every day. After only a few days, the tomato plant died because of the sun.

Public Outrage
Several people were walking around the mall. A 12 year old kid was walking around with a butcher knife. Several people noticed and decided to run away. In addition, the security guards noticed the kid. They confiscated the knife and arrested him.

A laser tag game.
Cassidy was playing laser tag with some friends. For some reason, her gun stopped working. She tried her best to get it to work again. As she tried to fix it, time ran out. She didn't even get a chance to play before time ran out.

Swimming
I have been training to qualify for the swim team. I have been swimming everyday after class to get better. I have been lifting weights to make me stronger. The weight lifting has made me much faster. I am ready to tryout for the team and very excited.

Miss Weatherby
Miss weatherby was the teacher at the small country school. She decided to take a leave of absence but nobody knew why. She returned nine months later with a child. Everyone wondered why she never showed her pregnancy. She told her class that she went to China and adopted a kid there.

The Fishing Trip
The boat was all set and ready to leave the dock. Jed and his brothers were about to go deep sea fishing. Jed had wanted go fishing for as long as he could remember. They all had a great time and even caught some nice fish. Jed had such a great time and knew that his brothers did as well.

Kay
Kay was turned 21 and he was very excited. He wanted to have a huge party with beer and music and lots of action! But his girlfriend smelled trouble and begged him to stay in. Kay reluctantly agreed to a quiet dinner and movie celebration. And he ended up enjoying his 21st birthday more than he'd expected!

Roman  Clef
A woman took a book out of the library. The author was her cousin, so she was excited. It didn't take long to realize that the villain was based on her. All her mannerisms were there, but heavily exaggerated. Thanksgiving dinner was very awkward that year.

Britney's Life
Britney was living in Orlando, but wanted a change. She decided to move to LA, and open her shop. She opened her shop, and had 300 customers the first day. Her shop was so successful, she opened three more shops in New York. Today, she has 50 locations nationwide.

Mean Act
The teacher tried to explain the lesson to us. When she sat down, her chair broke. She fell on the floor and couldn't get up. Ron confessed that he broke one of the table's legs. The teacher gave him a referral and suspended him.

Peter's Walk in the Wind
Peter went for a walk in the woods during a windstorm. The wind caused the trees to sway and crack. Suddenly a huge branch fell about ten feet in front of Peter. Peter jumped back in fright. Peter turned around and went home.

Spring Break in China
Todd was on spring break with his friends. They went to visit China. They took an 18 hour long flight to their destination. Todd was overwhelmed by the smell of fish at the airport. They crew of friends had a great time in China.

Bacon or sausage
Jimmy went to the local diner to get some breakfast. He couldn't decide whether he wanted bacon or sausage. He decided to get both. Jimmy left the restaurant with a huge heart burn. He decided never to eat that much meat ever again.

Sew What
Jane was late for work. She rushed to get dressed. In her hurry she ripped loose a button. She took the time to sew it back on. Although Jane was late for work, she was fully buttoned.

Rainy Days
It was raining yet warm The kids still wanted to go to the park. So the dad agreed. Once they got there the weather got worse. They turned around and went home instead.

Big Winner
The other day I bought a scratch off lottery ticket. I normally don't buy them but figured I would give it a chance. I scratched it off and actually won! I was so excited that I reinvested all my winnings. I now have 5 more tickets ready to be scratched.

Concert Ticket
Joe wanted to take Sue to the big concert. But when he went to buy the tickets, they were all sold out! Sue suggested that they go to the venue and get scalped tickets. They found someone outside who sold them tickets. Joe and Sue had a great time at the concert.

Roomates
Alan's brother ask if he could move in with Alan and his wife. At first Alan was worried about a crowded house. Alan's wife suggested that his brother live in the basement. Alan and his brother spent the day turning the basement into a room. Now Alan's brother has his own space and so does Alan.

Tanzania
I wanted to travel. I decided to go to Tanzania. I stayed near Lake Victoria. I realized what a beautiful place it was. I decided to retire there.

Birthday dog
I've always wanted a dog, but my mom thinks I'm irresponsible. I told her I'd feed it, walk it, play with it, and everything else. Gradually she gave in, and she told me I could have one. But she also said I'd have to wait until my birthday. On my birthday, I got a golden retriever puppy!

Water Parks
Tami was horrified of water parks. She thought they were more filthy than a toilet. Her friend convinced her to go after hours and hours of persuasion. Even though Tami was hesitant she was having fun. Well until she got water in her mouth that had a dirty band aid in it.

The Swing Set
Jim and his family wanted to build a swing set in their backyard. They went to the store and bought all the tools and wood. When they got home, they realized they didn't have any plans! Jim looked on the Internet until he found the perfect one. Jim and his family finished their swing set right as the sun set.

The Ride
Jack wanted to drive his father's car. Jack's father would not let him drive his car. Jack waited until his father was asleep to steal the car. As he sped down the highway, Jack was pulled over by a policeman. Jack was taken to prison and his father refused to bail him out!

Tina and her dogs
Tina loved to walk her two dogs. They walked the same street every day. One day they went to a new street and saw a very big and scary dog. The dog came toward them, and Tina immediately turned to run away. Tina decided to continue walking on the street she knew well.

Rex Orders Chinese Food
Rex is starving hungry but he has no food at home. He feels too lazy to go to the grocery store. Finally he decides to order Chinese food delivery. He eats a delicious stir fry with rice. Rex is so happy to have eaten something so good.

The sore gums.
Mindy had just finished an orthodontist appointment. She was supposed to go to dance class right after. But, her gums were very sore after the appointment. She was so uncomfortable that she decided to skip class. Luckily, her coach didn't mind.

Giving Up Too Early
The teacher told Diana that she's failing the class. However, he reminded her that she can pass with a 90 on the exam. Diana called off of work to have more time. She ended up giving up after studying for an hour. She ended up with a 33 on the exam.

The Coaster
Rick's family loved to go to amusement parks. However, Rick never rode any of the big roller coasters. One day, his family convinced him to ride the biggest ride. Rick was very scared but he ended up really enjoying it. Now he can ride any roller coaster without being nervous at all.

Jarvis Makes Tea
Jarvis has felt more sleepy every day this week. His work is requiring more hours than it used to. Finally Jarvis decides to brew a pot of tea to stay awake. He feels the caffeine waking him up. Jarvis doesn't feel sleepy any more.

Tina's Christmas
Tina needed money to buy her family Christmas presents. She took some extra shifts at her job. Tina worked very hard to get the extra money. Unfortunately someone broke into her house and stole all her money. Tina's Christmas was ruined.

The Letter
Chloe and Chanel are best friends. One day Chloe found out that she was extremely sick. Trying to hide illness, she was rushed to the hospital. Chloe begged her family not to tell Chanel. Chloe passed away the next day leaving a letter for Chanel.

Learning to ride a bike.
Samantha's dad took her to the park. He was going to teach her to ride her bike. At first, she did well and rode down the path. Suddenly, she fell and hurt her knee. Her dad comforted her and then they tried again.

A Cool Hairstyle
Gary's friends made fun of his hairstyle. This made Gary quite sad. Gary decided to go to a salon to get a professional haircut. The salon did a great job giving Gary a great hairstyle. Now Gary's friends don't make fun of his hair.

New Truck
Bill decided he wanted a new truck. He went to the bank to get a loan. Bill spent the next few hours at a car lot. He found the perfect truck! Bill drove his new truck home.

Cross Country Skiing
Dawson loved to cross country ski. He had planned this trip for two weeks. He had been skiing for four hours when he realized he was lost. He was scared but made a fire and waited for rescue. It wasn't until morning, almost 14 hours later that he was found.

Danger on the golf course
I was playing golf with my friends in Hawaii. I hit a long drive that landed in the rough on the second hole. I noticed a wild sow with her piglets near my ball. Fearing the sow, I left the ball where it landed. I was relieved to get far away from that scary swine.

Pickup
Todd went to the night club by himself. His friends didn't want to go out to the club so he went alone. He arrived at 11 and the club was packed. Although nervous, he managed to meet a girl, Tina. He bought her a drink, and took her home for a fun night.

Unwanted Attention
Tom invited Dan to come down to Mexico to visit him. Dan was somewhat scared but bought a ticket and went down. Tom met Dan at the airport and drove him to the middle of nowhere. Dan was getting very scared. Tom laughed and the restaurant suddenly came into view.

A Missed Opportunity
Claudia was taking a picture. She set up up the objects she was photographing carefully. She lined up her shot. The battery light blinked, and the camera shut off. Claudia sighed, and put the objects away for another day.

Shia the Lead Singer
Shia was the lead singer of a band. So Shia had the tendency to be a dick. He had entitlement issues and was very selfish. He didn't care that his band hated him. When he came to practice today he was no longer the band's lead singer.

I went to the gym.
It was high time to get started working out. I went to the local gym and setup a membership. It wasn't long before I was working out. I had a lot on my mind that day. It felt great to get a workout in!

Valentine's Day
I bought my girlfriend chocolates for valentine's day. Then I remembered that she's allergic. The store said I can't return them. So now I'm eating all the chocolates by myself. My girlfriend will be getting a fat boyfriend as a present.

New Fridge
Sam came home to find water all over his kitchen floor. He reached for his fridge and realized that it was off. Sam cleaned out all the food and set out for the store. Sam purchased a new fridge and had it delivered. Sam restocked his new fridge with all his favorite food.

Tour
Becca was going on a tour with her husband. They had arranged to visit ten different local wineries. At each one they sampled wines and cheeses. By the end of the tour they were relaxed and happy. They returned home laden with lots of potable souvenirs!

Forest Path
Jeff like to take hikes in nature. He took his two dogs with him to the local trail head. The dogs were eager to explore as he set off on the path. The dogs wandered off the path often. At the end of the hike, both Jeff and the dogs were happy.

Nightmare
Lisa has a lot of nightmares lately. At night she wakes up crying and covered in sweat. Usually she can fall asleep on her own again. But this time she needed the comfort of her mother laying next to her. After a few minutes she was finally able to fall asleep.

Missing Sandwich
Bob left a ham sandwich on the table to go get a drink. He had only turned around for a few seconds. But when he sat back down it was gone. He found his dog a few minutes later licking her lips. He knew not to trust her around the table any more.

Suppose
Cathy wanted to go to the beach. She planned it with her husband. The day came for them to go. Her husband didn't want to go anymore. Even though he was supposed to he didn't go and she went alone.

Typical Night Out
I asked my cousin if we can hang out today. She agreed to pick me up and travel to a restaurant. The restaurant specializes in wings, so we ordered a special. After eating, we decided to go to a yogurt shop. The next day, we couldn't stop talking about the previous night.

Dog Ate My Pencil
I had to go to school. I packed my backpack and realized my pencil was gone. I turned my head and saw my dog chewing my pencil. I scolded him and took the pencil back. Alas, my dog ate half of the pencil and was sick for two days!

Moving Day
Jeff had lived in an apartment all his life. He had finally bought a house to move into. On moving day friends and family showed up to help. The entire day was spent moving all of Jeff's things. At the end of the day Jeff was exhausted but happy about his new home.

The Bike Club
Charles wanted to join the bicycle club like his friend Kevin. But Charles wasn't a rider, he didn't even have a good bike. The club's leader said Charles had to own a bike to get in. Then he said Charles had to ride on a trail with the club. It was tough on Charles but he rode the trail and joined the club.

The burnt pizza.
Martha picked up a pizza at the store. She put it in the oven when she got home. Then, she went to take a shower while she waited. When she came out, she smelled burning. She ran to check on the pizza, and saw it was completely ruined.

Whoosh
A woman decided to test the accuracy of an aphorism. She filled two pots equally with water, and put them on to boil. One she hid with a screen, and the other she watched intently. There was no statistically significant difference in boiling time. She never did realize that she'd missed the point of the saying.

Lunch
Bo was in a rush to leave for school one morning. When he got there, he realized he'd forgotten his lunch. Bo was angry at himself! He was starving all day. He couldn't wait to get home and eat a big dinner!

New World
Ken was happy to divorce his wife. He thought things would be better some place else. He was wrong. Life got much harder. He really regretted leaving his family.

Black Friday
I decided to go out shopping the night of Black Friday to get deals. I waited in a long line to be let into the store. All around me, people rushed in to get the best deals. I relentlessly looked, but there was nothing that caught my eye. I left empty, tired and disappointed.

Jake Breaks His Personal Record
Jake was at the gym. He wanted to bench press his new personal record. Jake put 225 pounds of weights on the barbell. Jake concentrated really hard before his set. Jake was able to break his own personal record!

Hurricane Harry
Hurricane Harry was set to land some time tomorrow. Fred went down to the hardware store to buy some supplies. When he got home, he started to board up the windows. Fred finished after some hours of hard work. Fred took his family and drove to a safer part of the region.

Glasses
Bob had round glasses. His friends told him they were ugly. Bob decided to get new glasses. He went to the glasses store in the mall. He bought some stylish glasses.

Wallet
Don was at a restaurant when he discovered he did not bring his wallet He had already eaten his food. The waiter said he could not leave without paying. Don offered to help in the kitchen to pay for his food. He had to work for hours to pay for his meal before he could go home.

Ron Rents a Jet
Ron got a magazine in the mail with pictures from Tahiti. Ron decided that he would save up his money to go on vacation there. Ron saved a lot of money, so he decided to rent a jet. Because of this, he was able to invite all his friends. Ron's friends praised him for this generosity and threw him a party.

MIA Kitty
One Thanksgiving my car went missing. It was a bitterly cold and stormy night and I searched for hours. Finally, I had to give up and go home to bed. Shortly after I did, I heard a quiet, pathetic meow. He had snuck into a cupboard and fallen asleep and wasn't lost at all!

Disney trip
Every year my family and I go to Disney. We always have a total blast. This year we went back and did all the rides. We took a ton of pictures. I can't wait to go back.

Man in the Box
Every night I dreamt about a man in a blue box. He would travel through all space and time. One night, I dreamt that he wanted to take me with him. A sound wakes me in the middle of the night. I head to the door and see the man in the blue box has come for me.

Bike Ride
Josh woke up to a sunny Saturday morning. He decided to go for a bike ride and enjoy the weather. He took his bike out and left his house. Josh rode his bike to the park and back. He felt good that he got some exercise.

Shanghai
Sam went for a ride in Shanghai with his family. There was a giant parade for the New Years. Sam witnessed a poor man begging on the streets. He offered the man a dollar. The man accepted, then ripped the dollar in front of his eyes.

Sleeping Problems
I tried to go to sleep. After a few hours, I remained awake. I tried to eat a snack and drink some juice. In addition, I tried to watch a few videos. However, I wasn't able to sleep until 5 o'clock in the morning.

Hiking
Jerry loves to spend time outdoors hiking. He walks five miles everyday to stay in shape. He decides to try out a very rough hiking trail by himself. On the hike, Jerry falls and twists his ankle. Luckily another hiker comes by and helps him get to the doctor safely.

Very first birkin bag
I had been trying for ages to get the new birkin bag. When I went to the Hermes store they didn't have any in stock. Upset, I forgot about it. Then luckily I got a call and they had one for me. I jumped for joy and ran to the boutique to pick it up.

Dog Bath
I had to give my dog a bath. He ran away from me, because he did not want to get wet. I caught him after a chase. I washed him thoroughly. We're safe from giving him a bath for another month.

Barn on fire
A farmer was put all his hay in the barn. When he was done he smoked a cigarette. A strong breeze blew the lit cigarette from his hand. It landed on the hay. The hay caught on fire quickly.

The first day of school.
It was Molly's first day at a new school. She was nervous, but things were going well. Then, she tried to go to latin class. Soon, she realized that she was lost. Luckily, a student noticed and helped her find the class.

Lost in the snow.
Carol was out for a walk in a new city. While she was walking it began to snow. With the chaos of the snow, she ended up lost quickly. She wandered around in the cold for hours. Finally she got home and took a warm shower.

Went away for the weekend.
I wanted to get out of town this past weekend. I decided to visit some friends in another state. After packing my luggage, I headed for the road. The interstate wasn't busy at all! It didn't take long for me to arrive and see my friends.

Road Trip
Amy and her friends wanted to get away. They decided to drive for a whole day and see where they ended up. They took a lot of photos along the way. When they were through driving, they wound up at a national park. They decided to go exploring through it.

It's a Ball
Larry and Melvin were playing catch in the yard. Larry overthrew the ball and it went over the fence. He then proceeded to try and climb the fence. While he was climbing, Melvin ran to the door and asked for the ball. The neighbor showed up in the backyard in time to find Larry there.

Mom at daycare
One day Rick was at daycare He was waiting for daddy to pick him to go home. When the lady came to get him to leave he expected to see his dad. Rick was surprised to see his mom instead. Rick began to cry when he realized daddy wasn't coming.

Not Very Independent
Nancy and her daughter Bo were getting ready to leave for Girl Scouts. Nancy reminded her daughter to grab a scout worksheet she needed. When they arrived at Girl Scouts, she found out Bo forgot it. Nancy overheard Bo blaming her for forgetting the sheet. Ironically, Nancy learned the sheet was on Learning Independence.

New Couches
Ginny had been saving up money for several months. She was hoping to use the money for a new set of couches. She went out and looked at several different stores. After searching for hours, she finally found a set she liked. They were delivered the following day.

Cynthia Needs Money
Cynthia needed a new job. She'd put in applications everywhere. When no one called back, she decided to do at-home work. Cynthia was completing tasks for businesses, making money. She was able to survive until she received a job at a grocery store.

Bow Ties are not Easy
Lou was trying to tie a bow tie for the prom. He simply could not get it right! His dad noticed he was having trouble. He showed him the trick to tying a perfect bow tie. He told You it would get easier with practice.

Tara Cures Her Back Pain
Tara had really bad back pain. She went to her doctor to get it checked out. Her doctor told her to improve her posture at work. Tara bought a brand new $500 office chair. She no longer had any back pain with her improved seating position.

Tea Time
Bob spilt his tea on his pants during a business meeting. It looked like he peed his pants. Bob tried to give his presentation seated but the boss wouldn't allow. When he got up the boss demanded to know if he peed himself. Bob was so flustered that he had a hard time denying it.

Expensive meal
Lulu and her friends decided to go to the new restaurant downtown. There were no menus available online for them to check out. So the girls showed up at the restaurant and ordered. When the check came they were shocked. It came out to be a thousand dollars.

camera
Anna was on vacation. She decided to take pictures to remember it. She went to the store. Then she bought a disposable camera. She snapped lots of photos during her trip!

The makeup mistake.
Cathy was in a rush to get to school. She had to do her makeup much faster than usual. All day, girls gave her some weird looks. Finally, at the end of the day she looked in the mirror. She realized that she had left a big streak in her foundation.

Doug Gets Payback
Doug loved to play mean pranks on everyone at work. He would jump out from behind at desk and scare Marianne. As Ernie would sit down, Doug would roll Ernie's chair back. Glenda even found a fake spider on her keyboard. Imagine Doug's surprise when he got fired.

Parade
Mark loved parades. He wanted to go to the Macy parade in New York. His family saved for two years. Finally they were able to go. They had the best time at the Thanksgiving parade.

First dance
It was Clara's first month of school and already there was a dance. Today she was asked by the cute guy Peter from chemistry class. She could not wait to go with him. She got all dolled up with her hair and makeup done. When the door rang and he was outside, she could not wait.

John's Goes Boating
John went out on his boat for an afternoon of fishing. He caught a few and decided it was time to head in. He pulled his boat up to the dock and grabbed the pole to get out. Somehow John slipped and lost his grip. John ended up in the water, drenched from head to toe!

Decreasing Caffeine Dosage
Susie was addicted to coffee. She would get headaches if she didn't have her cup in the morning. Susie decided to slowly ease herself off of drinking coffee. She went from drinking 5 to 1 cup of coffee a day. Susie felt healthier after moderating her dosage of caffeine.

For A Doctor's Office Wall
They reached the eastern boundary of the wilderness at noon. Zeke set up his camera equipment along the ridge. His wife helped him choose the perfect angle. They took many pictures of the wild beauty around them. Zeke sold the images to doctor offices for a tidy sum of money.

Cat
Jim wanted a cat. He asked his mom if Santa could bring him a cat for Christmas. His mom said maybe, but cats were hard to carry in a sleigh. Jim tried to brace for disappointment. But on Christmas morning, he got a tiny white kitten!

Catching a Cold
I had a very important test coming up. The night before, I came down with a bad cold. There was no way I could go to school to take my test. I called my teacher to explain the situation. My teacher allowed me to retake my test when I felt better.

The Caterpillar
A caterpillar was crawling along a wall. A nearby student was walking from class when he saw the caterpillar. He observed it fall from the wall onto the ground. Feeling pity, the student took a leaf and picked up the caterpillar. He placed the caterpillar on a nearby tree.

The glass maker.
Evie was at a fair. She saw a booth with a large crowd surrounding it. She decided to go check it out. Then, she saw a man blowing glass figurines. They were so pretty that she decided to buy one.

Uber to the Rescue
I ran to catch the bus for work. Unfortunately, I just missed the bus and didn't have a car. I had heard about a new service called Uber. I looked Uber up on my phone and gave it a try. Uber worked and I made it to work on time.

Shopping List
Kay went to the store to buy groceries for a special dinner. When she arrived, she realized she had forgotten the shopping list. She debated whether she should go back to get the list or not. Kay decided that she did need the list so she went back to get it. With the list she got everything she needed and dinner was perfect.

Mean Boyfriend
On Hannah's 17th birthday she had dinner reservations with her family. She invited her boyfriend Brian to attend but he refused. He insisted his basketball game was more important than her dinner. Hannah angrily decided to invite another male friend of hers instead. She and her male friend had such a good time that she dumped Brian.

Pizza Party
Tim had a pizza party. There were fifty people. But Tim forgot to bring drinks. Tim had an idea. He found some water he stashed for an emergency to give them.

Pentatonix!
May was a big fan of the singing group Pentatonix. Her parents secretly bought May a backstage pass to meet the band. On her birthday, they presented May with the backstage pass. May began to cry tears of joy. Later that month May went to see and meet the band members!

Constipation
I was constipated. My doctor recommended I take magnesium citrate. I agreed with him. Alas, I took triple the recommended amount. I developed diarrhea.

The girlfriend
I started seeing someone a while ago. We had a lot of fun, and did everything together. One day it started to get stale. She blamed me and I blamed myself. We aren't together anymore.

Cheater
Trey wanted to get the best time for running a mile in his class. During the run, he saw another student pulling ahead of him however. When his teacher wasn't looking, Trey tripped the student. After the run, everyone was impressed by Trey's time. And his teacher gave him an award in front of the whole class.

Fishing
My brother and I decided to go fishing. We walked through the woods until we got to the creek. After fishing for about an hour, it was time to go home. We took the same path home through the woods. Suddenly, I fell in a hole and hurt my ankle.

Bryan and the observatory
Bryan was bored one day and wanted to go out. He called his friend and they all decided to go to the observatory. They went there and looked at all the displays. At night, they were able to see the stars using the telescope. Bryan had fun that day and felt happy when he got home.

Pop quiz for reading
Tina walked into English class. The teacher said to put everything away. She wanted to give a pop quiz. Tina freaked. She was not ready.

The Last Valentine
Early on a February morning my grandfather bought a valentine card. It was the 55th valentine he'd bought for my grandmother. He tucked it away in his drawer to give to her later. That night my grandmother had a heart attack. This last valentine card still sits in his drawer ten Years later.

Thunderstorm Scare
Heavy winds and rain started to appear outside. Eventually, a thunderstorm occurred. I was extremely nervous and decided to hide under my bed. The thunderstorm didn't fade away until tonight. When I woke up, I found out that the skies were clear.

Arrested Ancestry
Lady Wickshire sips her tea, awaiting a visit from another fake niece. Lady has learned to handle those fake relatives, however. Lady's butler ushers the girl into the lady's parlor. The niece bubbles with excitement at meeting her aunt. The niece does not expect the sheriff to be waiting for her.

Shapely
Amy decided to start running to get her figure back. Amy bought new running shoes and running clothes. She was excited the first day when she started running. After the first block Amy was winded and struggling to run. She ended up walking back home.

Ferrari Test Drive
Dante always wanted to drive a Ferrari. He went down to his local car rental place. He rented out a Ferrari for a couple of hours. He took the car to an empty race track. He drove it there at full speed until the end of the day.

Johnny Enters the Rodeo
Billy dared his friend Johnny to enter a rodeo. Johnny entered the bull riding event in the Rodeo. Johnny's bull twisted and turned and bucked him off. Johnny landed on his head in the arena dirt. Johnny decided that he would not enter any more rodeos.

Bouncy House
Rob tried to be patient as he waiting in line. A Lot of other children that wanted to go into the bouncy house, too When he finally got in he jumped as high as he could. He even touched the ceiling! When his turn was up he got right back in line.

Like Father Like Son
Bob was a logger just like his dad. Bob didn't want his sons to take up his dangerous line of work. When his sons begged to join him on the job, Bob relented. He gave them the toughest jobs and yelled at them the whole while. Bob was glad when his sons suddenly talked of going to college.

Duck Hunt
Kenny didn't want to go hunting. His dad thought it was a good learning lesson. They went duck hunting for a day. Kenny accidentally dropped his gun and shot his dad. He wasn't seriously injured but they never went hunting again.

Phobia
It was time for Mary to get a flu shot. She was very scared of needles. She wondered if the flu shot was really necessary. She decided against getting the shot. Mary got flu the following week.

Baby Momma Drama
Anita wanted to make her son's father upset. She asked him to come and pick up their baby. When he arrived, she said she'd take the baby on her date. The father was upset and asked for his son. Anita left with her date and her son, his father chasing behind them.

Bob Gets A Full Ride Scholarship
Bob came from a very poor family. He wanted to go to college but could not afford it. He applied to many scholarships online. His hard work at school paid off. Bob was happy he got a full ride scholarship.

Math Test
Sandy had a very tough math test to study for. Sandy decided it would be best to go to the library to study. At the library Sandy saw her former math tutor. Sandy decided to ask her former tutor for help. The help Sandy received from the tutor helped her to pass the test.

No pictures allowed.
Diana's daughter was in a ballet class. The teacher had hired a professional to take some photos. During the daughter's photo shoot, Diana tried to take a photo. The photographer became angry and told her that it wasn't allowed. Diana apologized and put her phone away.

The Frog Surprise
Mischievous Max had a plan for the frog he had captured. He thought it would be funny to stick it into his neighbor's mailbox. He hid in the bushes to wait for her reaction. When she opened her mailbox, the frog jumped out! Her shrill scream made Max regret what he had done.

Malia's Mural
First Malia took down her art supplies. She visualized the beautiful butterfly she was to draw. She asked her mom to give her a huge piece of cardboard. She had changed her design into a mural and worked on it happily. When she was done, her mom hung the mural on the living room wall.

Oswald's Backpack
Oswald decided to take his backpack to school. He put his books and his lunch in his backpack. As he walked to school, his backpack ripped. His books and his lunch spilled out on the ground. Oswald had to buy new books, more food, and a new backpack.

Black Tie Mishap
Don was mingling at a black tie party with office people. He was schmoozing the crowd while he decided to take a seat. He forgot he has slipped a champagne flute into his back pocket. When he sat down the glass shattered, splintering into his buttocks. Don was carried out of the high class party on a stretcher.

barber
Mike went to the same barber his whole life. But as he started to get older, he realized the cut wasn't as good. But he felt like he should keep seeing his longtime barber. So he tried to make the best of it and still see him. It made the barber happy that he still came in.

Low Rider
Ken modified his car. He made it lower to the ground. One day he had to get out of a steep driveway. His car got stuck half way. Ken was embarrassed and decided to raise the riding height.

Cliff Jumping
I visited my friends lake house in New York. By his house, a lot of people go cliff jumping. My friend and I decided to join in on the fun. I climbed to the top of the cliff and I was terrified. Finally, I jumped off the cliff and it was so much fun!

Great Driving
Jeff and some friends went on a mountain weekend getaway. Jeff drove them all up the mountain in his pickup. While packing up to return home, Jeff saw he had a flat tire. It was Sunday so there was no way of getting that fixed. Jeff carefully got everyone down the mountain, safe and sound.

Christmas Kisses
Lou really wanted a pet for Christmas. He begged and begged his parents to get him one. On Christmas day, he was disappointed to see no pet in sight. He sadly opened his first, wiggling gift box. A puppy popped out and started licking his face!

The Store
Marcus needed to go to the store, but did not have a car. He thought about taking the bus or walking. Because he decided to play basketball later, he decided to walk. During the walk, he got to enjoy the beauty of nature. He decided to take walks every morning because of his experience.

Trying Coffee
Bob had never tried coffee. His friend insisted he go to the cafe and try some. Bob agreed and went to the cafe. He looked at the coffee menu but was unsure of what to order. He decided to get a black coffee with one sugar.

Sick Season
Everyone was coughing on campus. In addition, they never bothered to cover their mouth while sneezing. Since I didn't want to get sick, I tried to avoid contact. I wore a face mask to school and carried hand sanitizer. At the end of the day, I wasn't sick.

Inspiration Board
Colleen wanted to get in shape. However she was having a hard time feeling motivated. She decided to make a poster with inspirational sayings on it. She hung it up in her room and looked at it every day. It helped her stay motivated when she was feeling defeated.

Meat
I cooked some meat for my girlfriend. Alas, it was undercooked. She got sick and had to go to the hospital. I couldn't believe that I made her sick. I became a vegetarian so that I would never again risk someone's life.

My puppy
My father bought me a puppy for my birthday. My responsibility was to get the puppy it's shots. But I forgot to get the puppy one shot. The puppy got sick. The puppy died because I did not get the shots for it.

Helga's Car
Helga had bought a brand new car many years ago. At the time, it was a very nice car. However, decades later it has started to fall apart. There are hole in the floorboard and rust everywhere. Helga finally decided to let go of the car.

Coaster Fear
Cindy was afraid of roller coasters. But her friends encouraged her to go on one. And she reluctantly rode it. Afterwards, Cindy felt in her legs and neck. But her friends told her that the pain was nothing.

Walking Home One Night
It was dusk and shadows fell across the sidewalk as I walked home. The street was oddly deserted and I felt uneasy as twilight set in. Suddenly someone grabbed me from behind and I screamed! My friend Keith laughed so hard he was almost crying. I gave him a good whack to let him know I didn't care for his joke.

Migraine
Kay was at work when a headache started. She didn't take any painkillers normally and decided not to this time. As she sat at her desk the pain grew more and more intense. Soon the pain was accompanied by nausea. Kay struggled through they day and went home and straight to sleep.

Burns
Hannah sent her kids to go to the shoreline. They were in the ocean, swimming for several hours. Hannah remembered how long they were gone and went for them. When she took a look at them, they were full of sunburns. As a result, they had to get out of the water and put on sunscreen.

Mango Madness
Terry had a huge box of mangoes at her restaurant. The mangoes were very ripe and needed to be used quickly. Terry thought about how to get customers to buy them. She made the mangoes into a delicious sorbet. The customers loved Terry's mango sorbet so much that she sold out.

Dog
Susan went to the diner to get a hot dog. She noticed a dog in the diner. She asked the waitress why there was dog. The waitress told her the dog was the owner's pet. Susan then left the diner mad because of the dog.

New shoes
I went to get new shoes yesterday. I hated my original pair of shoes. When I walked into the store, I immediately saw a pair of black ones. The black ones caught my eye. I immediately picked them up and bought them.

Francisco Stays Up
Francisco needs to clean his house before his parents visit. He waits until the night before they will arrive to begin cleaning. Francisco cleans all night long until his house is spotless. When they arrive, he is so tired he cannot stay awake. Francisco wishes he had just hired a cleaner.

Finally Alone
Gina was looking for a place to be alone. She just wanted some peace and quiet. Her dad gave her his keys to relax in his car. She waited till her siblings weren't around then got in the car. She lay on the back seat and watched videos on her phone.

Running
Tom was an avid runner. He would run very fast. He would encounter dogs occasionally. He prided himself on being able to outrun a dog. Tom was tired at the end of a run and got bit by a dog.

Buying glasses
All my cups broke. So I decided to go to the store to buy new ones. The store was closed that day. I had forgot it was a national holiday. I decided to return to the store next day.

Planting Flowers
Missy bought a packet of flower seeds at the hardware store. She was so excited as Dad helped her plant them in several pots. Missy was disappointed when she learned it could take several days. Every day, Missy ran to her pots to check her flowers. The fifth day, Missy's shouts of joy were heard throughout the house.

The Passport
I have a passport photo to bring to the Clerk. They require two identical photos. My photos appeared to be regulation sized. When I showed the Clerk, she accepted them. I finished the application and my passport is on it's way.

Hot Lunch
My daughter wanted something for lunch. I decided to make her nachos and cheese. I put everything on a plate in the microwave. I walked out of the room and forgot about it. When I came back the cheese had melted everywhere.

Big Talk
Moe decided to run for president. He promised everything he could think of to gain votes. A girl asked him to make college free. Moe told her he'd do that if she voted for him. The girl got excited and promised she would.

The Driver's Test
Marie went to take her driver's test. She couldn't parallel park so she failed the test. That weekend she practiced how to parallel park. She went back to take the test. She ended up getting her license.

Allergies.
It was a nice day, until I had to go outside and mow the lawn. I didn't mind mowing the lawn, but it was spring. For some reason during spring time I have the worse allergies. I could barely breathe during this time of the year. Luckily I was able to mow the lawn fast.

Everest
Neil was sightseeing in Nepal. Then a Sherpa guide offered to take him up Mount Everest. Neil couldn't refuse! He and the guide climbed for days and days. Finally, they reached the summit of Mount Everest!

Domestic Violence
Sally was arguing at her boyfriend for cheating on her. She decided to throw his belongings out of the house. He got furious and kicked her on the back. She fell on the floor. Although he apologized, she threatened to get her family.

A Friend
Lucy and was going to visit a girl she met a church. She was excited because she needed someone to play with. When they got home she ran to her room and changed clothes. Once changed she ran to the car to wait for grandpa. Lucy hadn't anticipated grandpa taking a nap after church.

Statue take Two
Kim and her friend missed the last ferry for the Statue of Liberty. The next day they went early. They arrived at the statue of liberty expecting to visit the crown. When the spoke with the cashier she informed them tickets are online. There were no tickets for that day they didn't get to visit the crown.

Blind Date
Sally got set up on a blind date. She met her date at the restaurant. They ordered appetizers. The conversation was okay. Sally texted her friend to call her so she could leave.

Caught in the Vending Machine
Tom placed a dollar in the vending machine. He selected a drink however, it got stuck. He tried to place his hand in the dispenser. However, the dispenser trapped his hand. The machine manufacturer had to open the entire machine.

The fake pass.
Julia was walking through the hallway. She saw a piece of paper on the floor. She realized that it was a pass to get out of class. It was completely blank so Julia kept it. She filled it out later and used it to skip school.

No scrubs.
I had been humming the song No Scrubs for the months. I barely knew the words, but it wouldn't get out of my head. On my way home from work I heard a song, the song. I followed it into a theatre for the arts. Where I fell in love with this girl dancing to TLC's No Scrubs.

The Alarm
Mally needed to get a new alarm to wake her up in the morning. She tried every alarm on her phone, but none seemed to wake her. She searched through many stores, but every alarm she slept through. Her friend recommended she get a scream alarm. Mally set it up, and when the alarm went off, she jumped right up.

The Ballet Dancer
Ben wanted to learn how to practice ballet. He was embarrassed because he knew his friends would make fun of him. So, he decided he was going to take a class a town over. On his first day, Ben walked into class and was shocked. There in the studio was his best friend Alex ready to start the class!

To the Museum
Henry decided he wanted to go to an aerospace museum. He researched local museums until he found one he was interested in. He begged his mother to take him to it. They hopped into the car and drove to the museum. Henry's visit to the museum proved to be one of his best days ever.

Ted's rat
Ted loved rodents. He bought a rat from the pet store. He brought the rat home and put him in his cage. David woke up to someone screaming. The rat got out of it's cage, and it crawled into his parent's bed.

Gerald and the beach trip
Gerald was bored on a hot day of summer. Gerald called his friends so that they could go to the beach. They all went to the beach and played volleyball. In the afternoon, they all had a bonfire. Gerald returned home, happy with his beach day.

Alex Changes her Life
Alex was really sad that she broke up with her boyfriend. She had to move from their NY apartment to LA. In LA she met a lot of people that she had fun with. She also met a film producer who offered her work. She started working for the producer and loved her knew life.

Shopping
Ana ran out of food. She decided it was time to go grocery shopping. She wrote out a list and headed to the store. She bought all kinds of meats, veggies and sides. Ana was so happy to have a house full of food again!

Fresh Out
Alice put on her headphones and began a Skype call. She'd been offered a guest spot on her favorite podcast. The discussion went from discussing her influences to future plans. She choked a bit, unsure what those plans were a year from now. Reflecting on that, she improvised and bounced ideas off of the host.

Walking
Bert went for a walk after work tonight. As he was walking down the street he saw an envelope. He picked it up to see if anything was in there. The envelope contained three thousand dollars. That's why Bert takes a walk every night after work.

Falling Apart
Amy had been driving her car for 10 years. One day the part over the seat belt fell off and hit her in the head. Amy was driving and couldn't move the piece until she stopped. At a red light she tried to push the piece back into place. Amy ended up yanking it off so she could continue driving.

Sandy in trouble
Sandy was decided to take a hike in the mountains. She went by herself because she was familiar with the mountains. She decided to hike on a new trail that just opened up. Sandy was hiking for awhile before she realized she was lost! In the end Sandy found her way back to the main trail.

My First Guitar
When I was younger, my dad played guitar to put me to sleep. As I grew older, I really wanted to learn how to play the guitar. I begged for a guitar, but Dad wouldn't let me play with his. Instead, I looked at beginner guitars online. Later, my dad drove me to the music store so I could buy a guitar.

Baby Passport
My daughter and son in law went to Montreal last year. They decided to take their 1 year old daughter. She needed a passport. The postal clerk took a photo of her while she was crying. Now her passport photo shows a crying little girl.

Never forget
Yesterday was the anniversary of Kelly's sister's death. She was not going to forget. She got flowers together to put on the grave. When she got to the grave she weeped. It was too much for her.

Field of Dreams
Rick saw his first football game when he was five years old. Since that day, he was dead set on playing football. He made it through little league and junior high with ease. Rick had to practice hard through the summer. This fall, he will be the starting quarterback as a freshman.

Trick or Treat!
Sally couldn't wait to go trick or treating. She constantly asked her mom when it would be time to go. Sally started to get impatient and kept bugging her mom. Mom finally gave the OK to go trick or treating. Sally spent the next 2 hours trick or treating.

Rocky in the Rain
Will's cocker spaniel, Rocky was just 8 weeks old. Will put him out back to do his business and then turned the TV on. Stacy, Will's wife, came home early from work and found Will sleeping. Stacy cuddled up next to Will and fell asleep too. When the thunderstorm woke them up Will remembered Rocky was out!

Greg learns Golf
Greg hated golf. His friends said he should try it. He decided to take golf lessons. He got really skilled at the sport. Greg loved golf from then on.

Interest Rate
Ava had money in a savings account. It was not earning any interest. Then her banker suggested she move the money to a CD account. Ava agreed, and switched the funds into the CD. Soon she was earning lots of interest on her money!

Wrong Fuel
Bob went to the gas station to fill his car. He accidentally put diesel instead of gasoline into his car. His car began to stutter when he tried to start it up. His car wouldn't move no matter what. Bob had to call a mechanic to get his fuel pump cleaned out.

Run
Cora wanted to get in shape, so she joined her school's track team. But she couldn't keep up with the other runners! Then her next door neighbor Brian offered to help her train. They began to run together in the morning before school. Cora got in shape, and she got a great boyfriend: Brian!

Fun in Vegas
Kelly decided to take a girls trip to Vegas. When the girls got there they went over to the club. To their surprise they were offered free drinks. As a result the girls left a massive tip. Kelly couldn't wait to go back.

Billy the Patriots Fan
Billy is a big Patriots fan and was very excited for Super Bowl 49. His team was playing the Seattle Seahawks. On the last drive, Russell Wilson drove down the field to take the lead Malcolm Butler of the Patriots intercepted the ball. The Patriots won and Billy ran out of the lounge yelling.

Maria's Play Date
Maria invited her friend Stacey over to play last Saturday. The two girls went for a walk down to the local park. At the park the girls played catch with the dog. While they were having fun, it started to rain. Luckily the girls made it home quickly before it downpoured.

Samantha Orders Winter Tires
Samantha needed to get new car tires. Her winter tires were all worn out. She searched online for specials. She was able to purchase a pair of tires for $200 off retail price. Her mechanic installed them on her car when the tires arrived.

Cartoons
When I was a child, I liked cartoons. I would get up very early in the morning to watch cartoons. Every time, I would fall asleep before the end of the show. Eventually we got a VCR. Now I could record them and watch them whenever I wanted!

nose job
Ned was Jewish and had a big nose. He was sensitive about it. He decided to get it fixed. He went to the surgeon and had a nose job. Ned felt much better about himself afterwards.

Song Analysis
I wrote an article analyzing a long song by Jethro Tull. I thought it would be a good feature on a  music website. Music websites usually just run articles about modern music. I had a very hard time trying to find anywhere that ran articles. I still haven't managed to get the article accepted anywhere

No Escape
Nancy tried to clock out of work early to attend a party. She turned her assignments in and left at five. Her boss noticed her and immediately got out of his seat. He threatened to fire Nancy if she left early. Therefore, Nancy worked for an additional hour.

Fish
There was a fisherman who went out every night. Usually he catches a fish every night. Yesterday he didn't catch any dish because he had to leave early. There was a big storm coming and he wanted to be safe. His friends made fun of him but he was happy he stayed inside.

8th Grade Education
Bill's father only got an 8th grade education. Bill encouraged his father to go back to school. His father heeded his advice and went to high school He worked hard, and graduated top of his class. Bill's father now has plans to go to college.

Treadmill
Ron loves to swim and used to do it every day at the gym. He is older now and has a hard time getting in and out of the pool. He asked his doctor what to do for exercise so he can stay healthy. The doctor recommended walking on the treadmill at the gym. Ron gave it a try and loves the treadmill now.

At the Races
Jenny begged to go to the horse races with her dad. At the track, Jenny's dad let her pick a horse for every race. Jenny's picks won more often than her dad's. He asked Jenny about her special strategy. Jenny said she picked the horses with the prettiest hair.

Crash
Ned was drinking one night. He decided to drive home from the bar. He thought he was sober enough to make it home. But Ned had overestimated himself. He crashed into a tree two blocks away from the bar.

The Pizza Man
The Pizza Man was known for his dough throwing skills. To draw in customers he stood outside and threw it very high. He missed one throw and the dough landed on a passing car. The driver of the car swerved and crashed into a tree. The people were fine and the Pizza Man offered them a free slice.

Mowing
Matt's grass was too long. He bought some gas for the mower. He put the gas in the mower and started it. He mowed the lawn in less than an hour. Now Matt's wife will stop complaining about the lawn.

Video Game
I just bought a new video game that I cannot wait to play. Usually when I get a new game I take days off work and just play it. I like to play it all the way through from beginning to the end. I still have half of my shift to get through before I can go home. This is going to be the longest work shift ever!

Tailgating
Larry was driving down the road at night. A car came up and started tailgating him. He waved them over to pass him. Eventually he moved over a bit to help them do so. They did and sped off.

Bad Bunny
The lead actor in our school play was afraid of rabbits. The play featured a rabbit. I agreed to let my pet bunny be in the play. I assured the lead actor that he was friendly. My bunny bit the actors hand and he is now even more afraid of them.

New School
When Joy was ten Year's old, her family moved. She had to go to a new school and make new friends. She was very nervous about her first day at school. At lunch, she asked a group of girls if she could sit with them. The girls were funny and cool, and Joy felt better!

Late Night Coffee
Jim was feeling tired one night. So he made coffee for himself. But when he needed to go bed, he couldn't sleep. Jim found himself wide awake until 5 AM. Later on, he was exhausted during work.

Broken Arm
I was playing on top of the monkey bars one day. I decided to get on the top of the monkey bars. Eventually, I slipped and landed on my arm. This caused my arm to break. I had to go to the hospital.

Trip to the Beach
The family decided to take a trip to the beach one hot summer day. On the car ride there, they passed their neighbors on the road. The driver was upset that he couldn't get his neighbor's attention. He continued to drive, and eventually found a nice spot at the beach. Low and behold the neighbors parked next to them, excited to see them.

Christmas Tree
My roommates put up their Christmas tree this year. It was a lot of hard work, because their tree is artificial. They had to build the tree from pieces. When it was done, the cat jumped up and knocked it over. This is what it's like living with a cat.

So close yet so far
Alex wanted to go to the forest. He had a dream telling him he was meant to go there. He traveled with his friend hector to the forest. Hector took a wrong turn. Alex was never able to get to the forest.

New ring
Kelly and her boyfriend went for a walk on the beach. They jumped over the waves and had fun. Then her boyfriend took out a ring box. Kelly was shocked and in tears. He ended up proposing

Children's Museum
Our children's museum has a new superhero exhibit. The kids get to make superhero capes and masks. They can fly like superman and climb obstacles. There is even a zipline. We have so much fun playing there!

Car Troubles
Rob had bought a new car. However, there were some problems with the brakes. Rob had to take it to a shop to get it checked out. After a while, he got an estimate for how much it would cost. He was really thankful that he had bought the warranty.

Walking in the Rain
I decided to take my dog for a walk. Suddenly, it started to rain. My dog wanted to go back home. But, I insisted that we continue to walk. My dog actually had a lot of fun walking in the rain!

Hungry puppy
The puppy was very hungry, so she checked her food dish. The food dish was empty. The puppy barked and whined to get her owner's attention. Her owner filled the food dish. The happy puppy ate her food.

Pool
Kim left her house to go to the pool. She met up with some close friends. They played some water volleyball. Then Kim went off the high dive. She ended her pool trip with an ice cream cone.

Tennis
Ira wanted to play tennis. She asked her sister to show her how. The girls went to the yard and set up the net. Then they played slowly and carefully. Soon Ira was playing as well as her sister!

Quest for Gold
Bobby was a really good high school wrestler. He trained hard and ate good food to get his body in the best shape. His goal was to win a gold medal at the next meet. At the meet, Bobby won all of his matches and earned first place! He went home with the gold medal!

Long line at the store
Yesterday I went to the grocery store. When I got in line to pay I was waiting forever. It took an hour to get through the line. It was terrible. I knew not to go back there.

Costa Rica
Quincy wanted to travel to Costa Rica. He started saving for the trip for many years. Eventually he had enough saved to take the trip. Quincy planned his trip very well and went one summer. Quincy was glad for his research, he enjoyed every moment.

Statue of Liberty
Kim was visiting New York with a friend. They decided to visit the Statue of Liberty on Ellis Island. Kim and her friend wanted to have lunch and then catch a ferry. By the time the got to the ferry it was 3:35. From the mainland they watched the 3:30 ferry, the last one that day.

Walking and Talking
I just want today to be a restful day. I go visit my friend at her house. We go for a walk. We talk about life. It has been a while since we've done this.

Lilly's shoes
Lilly wanted new shoes. She told her mom. Her mom told her to wait till friday. Lilly began to cry. When friday came Lilly and her mom went to the shoe store.

Sick Keeps You Awake
Robin wanted to go to sleep. She was exhausted from her cold. But as she lay in bed she couldn't fall asleep. When she did finally fall asleep she, kept waking up. She was in bed 9 hours and only slept 3 of them.

French Cuisine
Mary had a very solid idea what French food consisted of. She thought French food was just frog legs and snails. Her parents decided to take her to a French restaurant. Mary protested and though she would hate it. Mary was surprised to learn French food was very diverse.

Trip to the theme park.
Alison wanted to go to the theme park. She decided to take all her friends with her. When her friends got there they started driving. When they were on the road it took forever. When they got there Kelly was relieved.

Tim's Jog
Tim wanted to lose weight. So he decided to go jogging. He jogged on the sidewalk, along a busy street. He smelled jog but continued for another half hour. When Time arrived back home, his lungs welt weak.

Getting a Slice
I was on the way to the office last week. All of a sudden I felt huge hunger pains. I decided to get a quick slice of pizza. But every place I went to was too busy. I wound up craving it until lunch.

Hiking
Kris wanted to go on a hike. He decided that he would buy new shoes for the hike. He bought an off-brand pair because it was cheap. His shoes broke down in the middle of the hike. Kris vowed never to buy cheap shoes again.

Hairdresser
Marcia went to a new hairdresser to get her hair done. The hairdresser proceeded to cut and dye her hair. At the end, Marcia looked in the mirror. She hated how her hair looked. She immediately went to her old hairdresser to get it fixed.

A Mostly Honest Man
Harry was promoted to the position of bank manager. His meticulous approach to his work won him many accolades. The head office got a tip Harry was embezzling money. The bank found no evidence to prove it, and let the matter drop. Harry retired soon after to a private island.

Getting Organized
Samantha had a lot of chores to do. She didn't know which chore to do first! Samantha decided to make a to-do list to get herself organized. Samantha made a to-do list and started on her chores. Samantha was able to finish all of her chores!

Echo
Every day at camp, the campers would go for a hike in the woods. One day, they came to a small lake. They stood at the edge of the lake and yelled "Hello!" As they waited, they heard an echo come back to them, saying "Hello!" The campers enjoyed hearing the echo at the lake.

Austin home alone
Austin was home alone while his parents were at work. He was very hungry, but there was no food left in the house! Austin's parents told him not to go outside by himself. Austin decided to bike to the store and get food anyways. In the end, Austin's parents found out did but not get mad at him.

Only one bike.
Briana and Jamie were playing outside. They wanted to go to the general store but only had one bike. They decided they would try to share. Briana sat on the seat, and then Jamie climbed onto the back. This way, they were able to ride their bike to the store.

Wasn't aware
I walked into my math class. Since everyone had nothing on desk, I was confused. The teacher asked them to take out a scantron and a pencil. Although I didn't study, I decided to take the test. I ended up failing.

Puppy Wants to Go Out
The puppy scratched at the door. He wanted to go out to play. A man opened the door for the puppy. The puppy ran outside. The puppy looked very happy as it ran in the yard.

The Final Exam
John was struggling in his Calculus class. He needed to get an A on his final exam to pass the class. John spent the weeks before the exam studying all day long. After finally taking the exam, John was sure he bombed it. The professor passed back the tests, and John smiled as he saw an A.

Computer Repair
This morning my computer was acting funny. I ran a few programs but they did not fix the problem. I took it into the shop to get looked at. The computer had a virus and the repairs would be costly. It was cheaper to buy a new computer instead so I did.

Valentine's Tree
After Christmas Susan decided to take down the Christmas tree. Her children cried about having to put their favorite ornaments away. Susan didn't want to break their hearts so she came up with a plan. She put the Christmas decor away and gave the children paper hearts. The children jumped for joy while decorating their Valentine tree.

Candy
Fred goes to a candy store. He doesn't know what to get Too many candies look attractive. He buys 10 bags in total. Hill wallet is empty now.

Sandwich
Lenny likes sandwiches. Lenny set out to make the perfect sandwich. Lenny decided to sell his sandwiches in a small shop. Lenny developed his business and expanded. Lenny now shares his sandwich passion with thousands of people.

French Fries
Tom loves french fries and eats them for dinner every night. One day, Tom notices that his pants are very tight. Tom must give up his french fries and lose weight. He works very hard and is successful. Tom misses his fries, but is happy that his pants fit.

Racoon for Breakfast
Ed put a dog door in so his dogs could go out by themselves. He had a fenced in yard so there was no chance they'd run off. One morning he sat down to have a bowl of cereal. He noticed a big fat racoon eating out of the dog bowl. It had come through the dog door.

Playlist
I made a music playlist for my friend, who was depressed. I filled it with music that reminded me of her. I also put songs I knew she liked. When she got the playlist, she was very happy. It cheered her up to know I had thought of her when I made it.

Trying To Help Mother
Johnny owned a home and wanted to take in his mother. But she insisted on living in a shelter. Just before Thanksgiving he begged her to stay with him. She said she was independent and would make her own way. On Thanksgiving day, Johnny helped serve the people in that shelter.

The Climb
Cameron decided to go rock climbing with his friends. He did not use a safety harness since he had climbed before He slipped and fell 30 feet to the ground. He broke his ankle and had to have surgery on his back. Next time he goes climbing, he is using a harness.

The microwave
Jackie decided to take her leftovers to work for lunch. While on her lunch break, she put the food in the microwave. She started the timer but forgot to cover it. When she came back, the microwave was covered with food. She cleaned it up and felt embarrassed and hungry all day.

Spilled Drink
I was using my laptop one day to do work. I began to get thirsty so I got up for water. When I returned with my cup, I took a sip and sat down. When I put down the water cup, it spilled all over my laptop. After cleaning the mess, I noticed that my laptop didnt work.

Burundi
Neil's train arrived in Burundi. He taxied to his hotel and checked in. Then he set off on foot to explore the African land. He met so many friendly locals. Neil decided Burundi had the friendliest people on earth!

Samantha's Brand New Outfit
Samantha's mother had promised to take her to the mall today. At the mall Samantha was allowed to choose a brand new outfit. She narrowed her selection down to two outfits. One was a little pink dress and the other was a pair of overalls. She chose the pink dress and wore her brand new outfit the same day.

Volunteering
Ann retired and was able to stay home all day and relax. Ann soon became bored, and wanted to do something to help others. She decided to volunteer for a organization in need. She looked at a lot of different non-profit organizations. She picked a local animal rescue to volunteer at, and helped them.

New
Greg wanted to get his bicycle fixed. The bike technician fixed it but told him he should buy a new one. He decided he would. He picked out a new bike. He rode out with it and trashed the old one.

First Plane Ride
Lisa was going on her first plane ride to visit some cousins. She was very nervous about flying in a plane. She had her eyes shut tight when the plane took off. Before she knew it she was in the air. She realized there wasn't really anything to be afraid of.

Moving?
Gina came home to find a moving truck in the driveway. She stopped in her tracks. Gina didn't want to move again. She walked to the house slowly. She was thinking the whole time how she would miss her friends.

Early Flight
Amy's flight was at 5AM. She decided to go to sleep early and laid down at 9PM. She was anxious and she tossed and turned for hours. When it seemed as if she had just fallen off to sleep the alarm rang. Amy sat up unable to believe it was already time to leave.

Carrie and the Beach
Carrie loved to go to the beach and feed the birds. The birds became very friendly with Carrie. One day, Carrie saw a small crab on the beach. Carrie decided to also feed the friendly crab as well. Now, Carrie loves feeding birds and crabs at the beach.

The Prom Decision
Beth is one of the best runners on her track team. Prom is scheduled the night before their Championship meet. Beth decides to go to the prom and a party, so she is out very late. She barely makes it in time for her race and does very poorly. Beth regrets not being more focused and letting her team down.

soup
Tim was making soup. He did not know what to add. He put in random spices from his cabinet. However a mouse jumped into the soup. It turns out the mouse gave the soup perfect flavor.

Al
Al wanted to go to his friend's party to find a girl to date. But his dad insisted he stay home to mow the lawn instead! Angrily, Al went out front and began to mow. He was interrupted by a pretty classmate, out walking her dog. They chatted for a few minutes - and then she asked him out!

The Tickets
Amanda really wanted to go the hockey game. She looked for tickets but saw that they were expensive. Amanda's boyfriend knew about this and decided he wanted to help. He went and bought the tickets for her Christmas gift. Amanda was shocked when she unwrapped the gift and saw what they were.

Too tired
Jim had a class coming up in an hour. He was very tired from his run. Jim decided to skip class and take a nap. It was a test day. Jim flunked his class.

Arnold's problem
Arnold was a healthy young man but he did have on problem. Arnold was really skinny for his height. Arnold tired eating more than usual but he couldn't gain weight. Arnold went to the doctor who told him there was nothing wrong at all. In the end Arnold accepted who he was and was comfortable his weight.

No Prom Date
Jose wanted to take his crush to the prom. Unfortunately someone else had already asked her. Jose was heartbroken. His friends all invited him to go stag with them instead. Jose had a great time at the prom with his friends.

Went to a concert
We decided we wanted to go to a concert. We searched the papers for a good band to listen too. We found one in a neighboring city! Soon, we were on the road. It didn't take long for us to get there at all!

Hair Adventures
Lou wanted to try a new hair color. Girls did it all the time, so why couldn't he? He chose to go from dark brown to bleach blonde. He let the bleach sit for a long while. When he washed it out, Lou was surprised to see his hair orange!

Baseball
The high school baseball team was leading the north district. They had one more game to win to go to State. They won their game. At State, they were up in the 9th inning. The team won the State playoffs.

Katie's best friend
Katie had grown up with her best friend, Mary. They did everything together. In college Mary began to party and get drunk every night. Katie confronted Mary about her behavior. Mary got mad and blocked Katie's number, never speaking to her again.

Lemonade Stand
Teresa's two kids decided they wanted to make some money. She helped them set up a lemonade stand. It was a hot summer day and the stand became busy. Later, Teresa's kids ran into the house happy and excited. She was shocked to find that her kids had made a hundred dollars!

Pot Luck Poor
Sue was supposed to bring a dish to a potluck supper. She made a cheap dish with macaroni to avoid spending extra. Sue snuck the dish onto the table when no one was looking. When someone commented on her casserole, Sue didn't claim it. Afterward, Sue went home without even waiting to get her dish.

Sand salesman
Bob traveled to 50 different beaches. At each beach he collected sand. When he got home he put the same in smaller bottles. Bob sold the exotic sand collections online. He made a fortune over the years doing this.

Hospital Stay
Jack had been experiencing stomach pain all day. He called his doctor to schedule a check-up. The doctor told Jack to go to the emergency room instead. An ultrasound showed that Jack had appendicitis. Jack was admitted to the hospital and had his appendix removed.

A Club Called "CHAMP"
There were five of us that summer, and we decided to start a club. Our names were Chere, Heather, Adrienne, MiMi and Paula. It seemed only natural to use our first letters and go with "CHAMP." CHAMP met daily in a tree house in an oak tree in the woods nearby. That summer was one of secrets, games and adventures because of CHAMP.

Allergy Shots
Cruz was allergic to many things. He was tired of having to be so cautious because of his allergies. His mom began taking him to get allergy shots. The shots made Cruz resistant to his allergies. He was a much happier kid because of the shots.

The Cell Phone
Last Christmas I really wanted a new phone. However they were really expensive. So, I never expected to actually get one as a gift. On Christmas day, I was pleasantly shocked. It turned out my boyfriend got me the phone.

Harmony
A band called Tomorrow's Sunrise was practicing for a gig. They just couldn't get the harmonies right in one of their songs. No matter what they did, it just sounded wrong. They checked the equipment and nothing was amiss. It turned out that one of the vocalists was hiding laryngitis.

The Speech
Carol had to give a speech to the board of directors. She was very nervous about it. A promotion was on the line. During the speech she threw up in her mouth. She swallowed it and barely finished the speech.

Shopping
Yesterday I had to go grocery shopping. When it was time to check out I got in line. The register broke when it was my turn in line. I was forced to go to the back of another line. A nice cashier came to apologize and helped me check out.

Back to school
Ricky wanted to go back to school. He signed up for a course at the local career center. Every day he went to the class. Soon he graduated with honors. He got a raise at his job for having his new degree!

Street View
Carl was using Google Maps to get directions to his new job. But when he got them, he noticed an interesting feature. He used the street view feature to take a virtual tour of the area. And he ended up using it for several hours. Carl felt confident about driving to his new job.

Track Mishap
Been used to run track. His favorite distance was the 400 meter. Once at practice, though, Ben had an accident. He was halfway through the 400 meter when he slipped on the gravel. He skinned his knee, and though embarrassed, Ben got up and finished.

Soccer
My daughter played soccer when she was 10. The league was unisex. One day she ran against a boy to get a ball She got the ball and took out the boy. Her coach was very impressed.

Bear Hike
Vince and his wife left their car to go on a walk. They grabbed their bags and began to hike down a forest path. After walking a while, they noticed a bear charging at them. Vince pulled out his bear spray and hand gun and unloaded on the bear. The couple fled the scene and left their hike in their car.

Coffee
Bob needed to study for an exam. He only had one day before the test. He decided to stay up all night and cram. He kept falling asleep so he drank coffee. He was able to stay awake and study!

Too Many Dogs
Max was the family dog. Everyone was saddened to find out he had terminal cancer. The only way to ease the pain was to get another dog immediately. Max and the puppy got along well although Max only had a year to live. Max did so well with the puppy that he lived another six years.

Credit cards
When Mike was growing up, we was given a lot of warnings. He was warned about credit cards and how they can get you into debt. His brother had just had a huge debt problem, so he told to avoid them So Mike always was aware of the dangers the cards can bring. Now as a grown up he doesn't use credit cards and only uses cash.

Court Kid
In a big murder trial, the defendant had a strange strategy. For his lawyer he chose a 12 year old kid. The judge allowed this only if the kid could pass a test. The kid scored very high on the judge's test. The prosecutor's confidence was shaken at this news.

Pizza Night
Reba didn't feel like cooking. She glanced through the take out ads and settled on pizza. Her family shouted out what they wanted while she was on the phone. They waited for what seemed like forever. When they finally heard the knock on the door, they ran in excitement.

Swimming Lessons for Johnny
Johnny wanted to go to a camp with his friend in the summer. The campsite was near the water. His parents said they would let him go if he learned to swim. Johnny's parents signed him up for lessons at the local YMCA. He learned to swim, so he was able to go to camp and have fun.

Was I Just Hit By A Bus?
I love to watch my greyhound run. One day I saw first-hand how quickly he can get up to 40MPH. He was playing with his buddies and suddenly they decided to run. I had no time to move out of the way, and then they were upon me. I flipped up into the air and crashed down to the ground head first.

Lost Hope
Matt was at the Miami Heat game. The Heat were losing by 10 with two minutes left. Matt left the arena to get a jump on traffic. He checked his phone and saw the game was going into overtime. He tried to get back in the arena, but the doors were locked.

Blanket
My baby has a favorite blanket. She needs it to go to sleep. I lost it on our walk today. She will never sleep again without it. I better go to the store and get another one.

First Day for Tom
Tom's first day at work was at hand as he boarded the bus. He arrived at the office and went to find the HR department. They issued him a pass and told him where his office would be. Tom waited until nearly lunchtime before his supervisor appeared. The rest of his first day turned out equally as uneventful.

The Dress
Sally went to the store to buy a new dress. She had her heart set on the blue one with ruffles. When she got to the store, the blue dress was sold out. They offered a black dress with rhinestones in it's place. Sally now has a new black and glittery dress.

Making Pizza
I  tried to make pizza today. When I went to put it in the oven, I dropped it. The toppings got everywhere. I cleaned it up. Instead of trying again, I ordered pizza instead.

Small Town Thief
Nell's dad ran a store in a small town. One day, Nell snuck a roll of quarters from the cash drawer. Nell's dad discovered that money was missing. He asked if anyone knew about it. Nell looked at the cashier but said nothing.

Sammy The Restaurant Owner
Sammy's father owned a Chinese restaurant. His father wanted to retire and pass the restaurant to him. The only problem was that Sammy did not know how to run a restaurant. Sammy spent many months working closely with his father. He eventually was able to successfully run the restaurant by himself.

The Internet
Some girls, like Linda, only go on the internet to post pictures. Linda is trying to impress Dave with her Instagram pictures. But Dave never goes on Instagram. Linda does not know that, so she keeps loading pictures up. Now everyone is sick of Linda on the internet, and she is sad.

Birthday Cake
Chris wanted to make his girlfriend a cake. He decided on red velvet since that was her favorite. He put all of his love into the cake. He even wrote a small message with icing. She loved the cake that Chris made for her.

Camp Cantina
Jeanie was excited to go to sleepaway camp. Her parents helped Jeanie pack but didn't mention spending money. Jeanie snuck a handful of coins from her dad's change bowl. Dropping her off at camp, her parents gave Jeanie ten dollars. Jeanie spent the money at the cantina but felt miserable.

Sardines in a Can and Broken Bones
We played sardines in a can. This is a hide-and-go-seek type of game. We hide in the second floor of the barn. Skip told me to jump out the second story window. I did, my ankle snapped and was broken.

Snow Dog
John smacked his lips as he finished off the tiny barrel of brandy. He put the empty barrel with the others the St Bernard's' would wear. Later that day he was caught in an avalanche. The rescue dog arrived soon after. John was sad to find the barrel empty.

The snack stop.
Madison and Max were about to catch a flight. They didn't have a lot of time to get to the airport. Madison thought that they needed some snacks. Max agreed so they stopped at a store. They managed to barely make it on time.

Jazz Concert
Two weeks ago we went to a jazz concert. The singer was Tierney Sutton. We go to her concerts when she comes to Boston. Attendance was down, so she gave only one concert. We bought her latest cd and had it autographed.

Brief
Cal picked up his briefcase and it fell open. All of his papers spilled out on to the floor. Cal picked them all up and put them back in the briefcase. As he picked it up again the same thing happened. Cal looked closely and saw his briefcase had a broken latch.

basketball coach
My old basketball coach wanted us to go to camp in the summer. We would go there and they would help us with the basics. They would try and tell us we should hold the ball like it is a pizza. By holding it like that we would be in the right form. We had a lot of fun, and learned a lot of good habits.

Swim Time!
Ashley wanted to go swimming. She went out and bought a new swimsuit. It would be the first swim of the summer. Ashley found the closest swimming facility. She had a great day of swimming fun.

More Wine, Please
Mickey set up a live video stream to try his hand at comedy. He drank box wine and told whatever jokes came to mind. Loosening up allowed him to attract many fans in the following weeks. Without overdoing it, the cheap wine had in some way contributed. This success let Mickey channel everyday woes toward something fun.

Japan
Nick really wanted to go to Japan. He thoroughly enjoyed and had knowledge of the country's culture. He had been saving for 2 Years to get his plane tickets to go there. His trip was life-changing, and he decided to move there permanently. Although his family was devastated, he realized this was best for him.

Surgery Nerves
Carol was nervous about her surgery. She prepared by not eating anything. When the day of the surgery arrived she was put under by anesthesia. While the doctors worked, she stayed fast asleep. By the time she woke up, the surgery was over.

Rex
Jay was training his new dog Rex. He taught Rex to sit, roll over, and beg. At first Rex did not respond. But gradually he grew better and better. Jay rewarded Rex with a treat for his obedience!

Lost Earring
Gina had spilled her jewelry all over the floor. She gathered the jewelry and put it away. Then she realized one of her earrings was missing its match. She looked for an hour, but it was no where to be seen. Gina was sad to have lost one of her favorite earrings.

Infection
Ken saw a mouse in his kitchen. He chased after it. Ken was able to catch it. The mouse bit Ken. The bite got infected and Ken had to take shots.

The Sentence
Charles knew letting a gay couple move in his apartment was a mistake. But he needed the money for rent. The couple, Marty and Eddie, started fighting in a month. After one fight, the police came and Marty was arrested. In court, Charles didn't know who swung first, so Marty got 6 months.

Beach Day
Joseph went to the beach. He decided to bring his friend with him. The two built a sand castle. Then they went swimming in the lake. After this they were tired and went home.

Hail Storm
Tyler was taking a walk on the beach. He saw the dark clouds coming towards him but still walked. The clouds got darker, and it started to rain. Tyler liked the rain so he decided it couldn't hurt. Until it started to hail, then it really hurt Tyler, so he ran home.

Sally's Bike
Sally gets a new bike for her birthday. She is sad though because she does not know how to ride it. Her father teaches her how to ride it. After a couple weeks of practice, Sally can ride her bike on her own. She now rides her bike everywhere she goes.

deadline
Adam had a paper due the next day. He'd only written half of it. He decided he had to get serious. He stayed up all night finishing the paper. By morning, it was 100% complete!

Pillow Fight
Betty decided to go to the world's biggest pillow fight with friends. They assured her the pillow fight would be tons of fun. Betty ran into the massive fight smiling and ready. She was hit repeatedly by some larger men and bruised quite badly. Betty realized a massive pillow fight is a horrible idea.

The spilled spaghetti.
Fred was making spaghetti. He was trying to put the box away when the bottom end opened. Tons of noodles began pouring out of the box. Fred tried his best to clean up all of the noodles. Still, for weeks after he kept finding noodles all over.

Date
Marvin had a date with his girlfriend. When it was time to go he couldn't find his phone. He decided he should call her and tell her he was running late. Suddenly he realized he needed his phone for that. Marvin didn't know what to do.

A boy's lunch
One day a little went out with his lunch. A man said give me your lunch. The little gave it to him. The man told a multitude of people to sit down. All the people were feed from that little boy's lunch.

Home Defense
My family purchased a gun for home defense. We practiced gun safety the very first day we got it. State laws require that it must stay locked and unloaded. This does not make much sense. Now we own large dogs that are not locked up,  instead.

Her First Play
Jasmine was nervous to be in her first play. She got the part as a sunflower. Jasmine began to get excited right before she got on stage. When she got on stage, she was no longer nervous. Jasmine received a standing ovation for her scene in the play.

Dog show winnings
Kelly decided to enter her dog in a dog show. She drove over to the tournament and entered him in, Her dog leaped over the fences and catches the frisbees. At the end her dog won silver. Kelly was very happy.

The Scary Movie
Jane was determined to go see the new scary movie. Her mom warned her not to go. Jane went anyway. Jane had nightmares for a week. Jane promised she would listen to her mom from then on.

Later
It was Friday night. Gina had a speech to give in front of her class on Monday. She hadn't begun writing yet. She considered starting it that night. But she decided to watch horror movies instead.

Off Course
The lifeguard gave me the signal to move across the water slide. As I was moving on the slide, the ride started to go faster. In addition, the force of the water pushed me out of the slide. I ended up landing in the bushes. My friends had to pull me out and remove the twigs around me.

Cold
Gina was a very stubborn little girl who did not like to take advice. Her mother told her today would be cold and she should wear a jacket. Gina didn't listen and all day at school Gina was cold. Her mother was not happy that she didn't listen to her advice. Gina caught a cold and spent the next week sick in bed.

Kevin
Kevin's dad had raised him alone after his mom left them. When his dad grew old and ill, Kevin was unhappy. He knew it would take time and patience to move his dad into his home. Kevin considered a nursing home, but then remembered his childhood. He decided to care for his dad - just as his dad had cared for him!

Bagel and Eggs
Tom put two bagel slices in his toaster. But he realized he had no cream cheese. So he put egg and ham between the bagels. And he forgot all about his lack of cream cheese. Tom decided to have the same thing every breakfast.

A Sweet Friend
Mable was a blind lady who lived in a retirement home. As an orderly, I used to bring her food, telling her jokes. One day Mabel asked to touch my face. I leaned forward and she put her hands on my cheeks. She smiled and told me I reminded her of her father years ago.

Forgotten groceries.
Lucy had just come home from the store. She began putting her groceries away. When they were put up, she realized that she had forgotten corn. She decided to go back to the store. There, she was able to pick up some corn.

Conquer the Hill
Beth had failed to run up a steep hill in track practice. She decided to return on her own and face the hill. Amy decided to go with her for support. Amy and Beth ran up the hill together. Beth was proud of herself for making it to the top.

Book Addict
Sara loves books. She will go anywhere to find a book. Online, book stores, thrift shops, garage sales and more. She has so many books that her house is full. We call her the book addict who needs an intervention.

Johnson's Trip to Vegas
Johnson wanted to visit Las Vegas for most of his adult life. He finally had a chance to go. Johnson wondered if Las Vegas would live up to his dreams. As he arrived, he knew Las Vegas was everything he dreamt of. When Johnson got home he decided to move to Las Vegas.

Doctor Visit
Lindsay did not feel well. She decided after a week to go see her doctor. Her doctor ordered tests to be run. It was determined she needed her gallbladder and appendix out. Lindsay scheduled the surgery.

Quentin Visits Mexico
Quentin has always wanted to go on a vacation in another country. This year he saves up his money for a big trip to Tulum, Mexico. He packs his bags and boards the flight. Quentin relishes the food and the sights in Tulum. He has truly had the trip of a lifetime.

Ice Cream Mess
Jill loved ice cream. Her parents took her to get ice cream. Jill got a vanilla ice cream cone. Jill's ice cream cone fell on the floor. Jill's parents bought her a new one.

Making a cake
Kurt wanted to bake a cake for his wife for the first time. He got all the ingredients together and preheated the oven. When he put the cake into the oven, it only took about 30 minutes. When the cake was ready and cooled, he began to frost it. Once it was frosted and pretty, he presented it to his wife.

Panhandling
Mike needed change to put air in his tire. He only had a credit card. The pump required four quarters. He was forced to ask strangers for them. Luckily a few had some.

Not Your Average Stomach Ache
My husband works hard on our farm every day, even when he's sick. Yesterday his stomach hurt and never let up. Finally around 2:30am he agreed to go to the Emergency Room. They told him that his appendix had ruptured and he needed surgery. The operation went well and now he's finally resting.

life changes
Bill was very obese. He decided to get liposuction. He needed a way to keep the weight off. He now runs at least three times per week. He maintains a low bodyfat percentage and good health.

Hospitalized
Rowan was in the hospital because he broke his leg in an accident. He was bored so he called took his phone and called his friend Janice. Janice came to visit him at the hospital and she cheered Rowan up. Rowan felt better with his friend there so stopped feeling so down. Rowan recovered and was able to go home 5 weeks later.

Steve loses weight
Steve didn't get very much exercise. Eventually he started to gain more weight than he wanted. His friends suggested that he started exercising. Steve began visiting the gym every day. Eventually he worked off all of the weight he gained.

Soda Thief
A lot of people take advantage of the soda refill machine. Charles thought no one was ever arrested for an illegal soda refill. One morning he went to Mcdonald's and asked for a water cup. He filled the cup with soda. The manager screamed for security and police came from an office.

Band
Dan wanted to go with his friend to a concert. Dan didn't have enough money to pay for the ticket. He decided to do odd jobs around the neighborhood. Dan was able to save money. Dan paid for the concert ticket with a sense of pride.

Chicks
They went to the pet store to see the animals. They had baby chicks you could rent. You would take them home for a few weeks. Once the time was up you had to return them. It was a very new idea and concept.

Lazy Dogs
Mark had two dogs, a lab and a pitbull. Mark always was trying to find things for his dogs to do together. He tried to throw balls, give them bones, nothing worked. The dogs did like one single thing that they did together. They loved taking a nap both laying on the same couch.

Krampus
Finn's sister told him he needed to behave. If he didn't, Krampus would put him in a bag and beat him. Finn started having nightmares about Krampus. He confessed to his mom that he was afraid of Krampus. She explained myths and make believe, and he felt better.

New homeowner
Jess was laid off from her job. She filed for unemployment, but was rejected. Without any money, she had to move in with her parents. When Jess got a new job, she continued living with them. 6 months later she had saved enough to buy her own house.

Beach Day
The Smith family drove to the beach for a fun and relaxing day. The kids swam in the water for hours as the parents watched. When it was time to go home, they called the kids to come to shore. The kids dried off and gathered their stuff. The family headed home after a fun filled day.

Nauseous from Bumps
Dan took his son to the local carnival. The first ride they saw was the strawberry spinning cups. Since the ride was low-risk, they decided to try it out. His son unexpectedly threw up. Luckily, he felt better after a few minutes.

Spilled Milk
Tom was visiting his uncle's farm. His uncle showed him how to milk a cow. It was hard work but he managed to get almost a full bucket. Then the cow kicked it over. The barn cats rushed over to clean it up.

A visit to the doctor
Rachel hadn't see a doctor in awhile. She needed to get her blood drawn. But, she was very afraid of needles! She went to her appointment despite her fear. However, when the doctor drew her blood, she fainted.

Leftovers
Rob had a lot of Thanksgiving leftovers. He was excited he didn't have to get groceries for a while. He made lots of sandwiches from the leftover turkey. Rob also made omelettes from his leftovers. Rob was sick of Thanksgiving food after a few days.

First Trip to the Local Library
Mattie could not wait to get her very first library card. As soon as she ran into the library, the librarian gave her first card Mattie ran up and down the library aisles to find the perfect books. It must have taken hours for Mattie to decide on what she wanted. By the time she walked out the door, she had 10 books in her bag.

Stepping on a Nail
We took our friend Rose And her five year old to get ice cream one day. Rose's son was very active. He was running down the street with his ice cream. He stepped on an old board and his foot hit a nail. He had to get a tetanus shot.

New Experiences
Susanne went for a hike in the mountains. She never was the sporty type, but wanted to get in touch with nature. The hike was arduous, but the fresh air and sunlight were wonderful. The climax of her hike was seeing a gorgeous, crystal clear waterfall. She resolved to come back and hike more often!

Boots
Tim got a new set of boots. They were black and glossy. He wore his new boots outside. A puddle was in the way of his path. Tim stomped into the middle of it splashing water everywhere.

Drum Lessons
Jake wanted to learn to play the drums. His parents paid for him to take lessons on the weekend. He would play in the garage so it wouldn't be too loud. Eventually he got really good. He joined a local band and has fun playing.

Mario Kart 8
Matthew couldn't wait to play Mario Kart 8. He hooked his new Wii U up to the television. He waited patiently as the system updated. He carefully customized his vehicle. He was finally ready to race.

Kelsey
Kelsey left for work for work one morning and forgot his coffee. He got to work and made a cup but it tasted really bad. So then he decided he would get a cup at lunch from the local shop. He finally got his coffee but it kept him up all night. Kelsey knows better than to forget his coffee in the morning.

Live the Dream
Jenna always had to leave two hours early to catch the bus for work. She was tired of leaving so early but didn't have the money for a car. She never wanted to be in this situation again. She got a second job and took out loans for college. Jenna now has a car, house, and is in need of nothing.

Facial drama
Kelly invited Ramon to her apartment to hang out. Ramona took her upstairs to see her facialist. To Kelly's surprise, the facialist was stirring up drama. Ramona thought it was hilarious. Kelly thought it was strange how much she learned.

Last one left
I went to Bestbuy to get an iPad yesterday. Unfortunately three of them had no more in stock. I ended up driving around everywhere to pick up the right one. Finally the Best Buy down the street had one left. I ended up taking the very last one.

The Big Score
Charles and Greg rolled dice for money at home. Greg had an idea, to go to Las Vegas and shoot craps. In Las Vegas, they quickly learned the rules of the crap tables. They both found gambling in Las Vegas better than home. After 24-hours of smart gambling, together, they had $50,000.

Up a Hill
Amy and her friend were riding bikes on a summer afternoon. They decided to ride to her friend's cousin's house. There was a steep hill which was hard to ride up. Amy was sweating and panting as she rode up the hill. Amy ended up walking the bike up the hill instead of riding.

The beach
John couldn't wait until the weather was hot. He wanted to go to the beach and play in the sand. When it finally was hot out he made sure to go visit. He made a sandcastle and went in the water. He was so happy to finally enjoy the beach and great weather.

A Lemonade Stand
Jessica asked her parents to help start a lemonade stand. They agreed, and set the entire thing up for her. Over the course of 2 days, she made $150. She donated all the money to a local charity. Jessica now has a plaque with her name in city hall.

Roller Coaster
Ron was at an amusement park. And all of his friends wanted to go on a roller coaster. Ron was too afraid. And he made an excuse that he was feeling sick. Ron noticed how happy they were afterwards and regret riding it.

New Desk
Amy's boss at a call center told her she needed to move to a new desk. Amy's coworker across from her was a loud talker. Amy herself spoke softly. She was upset the coworker could be heard on her calls by her callers. Amy was told there was no where to move when she demanded a new desk.

Credit Card
Angie went to get her credit card and couldn't find it. She suspected her son had stolen it. She went to his room and asked him if he had taken it. Her son admitted that he had taken it to buy drugs. Angie convinced her son to go into rehab.

Cold Hike
It was a chilly fall afternoon when I decided to go for a hike. I climbed through the forest enjoying the rain across my face. It eventually rained so hard that everything was covered in mud. My shoes were soaked with mud and freezing. I quickly raced home to change into new clothes.

Journalism
Ray was getting his degree in journalism. He would go to class during the day and write in his dorm at night. He would write articles and reports for his portfolio. Over time he built up a nice resume and portfolio. He sent both out to many different employers in hopes of a job.

Pimples
Whitney had a lot of acne. Her mom wanted it to go away. She brought her to a dermatologist. He gave her some great medicine. Her acne finally cleared up.

Dance
Fergie is a dancer. She wants to go to dance school. At her audition she danced very well. Fergie was accepted into dance school. She can't wait to see where her future takes her.

Airport
I often times hate going through security at the airport. Last time, I forgot to take my wallet and change out. Since I didn't have them out, they made me go back through. I then had to have my hands tested for dangerous materials. It is so frustrating dealing with airports these days.

Brothers
Bob's brother, Jim, was always playing pranks on Bob. Bob always got tricked and planned to get revenge. Bob put super glue on Jim's comb. Jim got the comb stuck in his hair and had to shave his hair off. Bob laughed and Jim congratulated him on finally getting him back.

Circle
The woman was speeding on the highway. It got time for her to get to her exit. She proceeded to the exit. She went too fast around the circling exit. She flipped her car off the curb and died.

Calligraphy
Jason has always wanted to learn calligraphy. He collects old letters written in this style and he loves them. He found online that you can take calligraphy lessons. Jason signed up and practiced on his calligraphy for a year. Now Jason is a pro and can write his own fancy letters.

St Patrick's Day
Lucy just turned 21, and it was her first St Patrick's Day! She decided to go to the bar early with her friends. By mid-afternoon, Lucy was feeling very sick from all the drinks. She went into the bathroom and threw up everywhere. She decided that she wouldn't celebrate St Patrick's Day again.

The clean up.
Julia had a lot of things to do that day. She had to run errands and then she had to clean the house. She left early in the morning. It took her six hours to get everything outside done. When she got home she saw that her husband had done the cleaning.

Can't sleep.
Maria was laying in her bed. She needed to get up early the next day. For some reason, she couldn't get to sleep. Finally, she decided to take some melatonin. Soon enough she was able to drift to sleep.

Time To Return
Gina had been given an hour to work in the school library. It was almost time to return to her classroom. She began to pack her things to return. Gina didn't want to go back to her class. She considered staying in the library against her teachers wishes.

Coin Cash
Tom was trying so save up money for a new computer game. He realized he had a bunch of coins in a large jug. Tom decided to count and roll up all the coins. It turned out he had more than enough for the game in coins. He deposited the coins in the bank and bought the game.

shoelace
Ida's shoelace broke one day in school. She had no place to replace it. She went to the Home Ec room. There, she found a thin ribbon. Ida used it as a makeshift lace for her shoe.

Pizza
There was a pizza store in a small town. The next month a competitor wanted to enter the pizza market. The company was called pizza man Dan. He tried for a year to break into the market. He ended up failing and close his doors a year later.

Roller Coaster
Nell's class went to an amusement park for a special treat. While the other kids were excited, Nell felt uneasy. She was afraid to ride roller coasters with her classmates. Nell told the kids she had a heart condition so she couldn't ride. When Nell got back to school, she was sent to the nurse.

Last Ticket
Jane went to go see a popular movie on a Friday night. She waited in a long line to get her ticket. When she made it to the front she asked for the movie. The theater worker told her she bought the last one. Everyone behind her became angry.

Mexican Restaurant.
Ashley loves this Mexican joint down the street from her house. They have the best burritos and she goes there almost daily. She was just told that the place was bought out by an Italian owner. Within a month it will be an Italian restaurant only. Ashley now has to learn to love Italian food.

Tom Gets a Raise.
Tom has been working hard at work. he has been staying extra hours to get the job done. The rest of the office think Tom is a swell guy. One day Tom gets called into the office. Tom's boss gives him a raise.

Intern to Director
JB wanted to work in show business. He took an unpaid internship on a TV show fetching coffee. After a year, he was hired at minimum wage to run errands. After two years, he became a production assistant. Ten years after JB started as an intern, he became the director.

Gender Surprise
Lisa was due to give birth at any moment. The anticipation was high. Lisa did not know the gender of her baby. She went into labor and had a baby girl. Lisa cried tears of joy!

Handrails
The county inspectors visited our trailer park. One of them told me I had to put handrails on my steps. I visited John and asked him to help me build some handrails. So John came over to my place with some wood and some tools. Then John and I built a really stable set of handrails for my steps.

Hotel
Rick and Kim decided to take a trip. They booked a hotel. When they arrived at the hotel, they were surprised. It was gorgeous. They decided to stay in and order room service and enjoy it.

Stray Dog
Kia loved to take walks. She would walk for hours at at time. One time Kia ran into a stray dog. The dog didn't seem to be very friendly. Kia remained calm and got away from the dog safely.

Vanilla Scented
Amy wanted to feel sophisticated. She was 16 and decided that an oil burner was sophisticated enough. At home she lit a tea light and put in the burner. Her mother smelled the vanilla downstairs and took the burner from her She wasn't allowed to burn candles since she could burn down the house

ABC Boys
Gabby had a set of twin boys. They were one year old and were pretty smart. Gabby wanted her boys to learn their alphabet. She began practicing it with them everyday for hours. In a month's time the boys could recite their alphabet on their own.

Lent Promises
Amy wanted to give up chocolate for Lent. She kept herself from eating for a week. The next week, she started having huge cravings. She caved and bought three bags of chocolate to take home. Amy felt regret as she was eating the chocolate.

The wet book.
Anna was reading a book. She went to take a sip of water. Suddenly, she knocked her cup over. The entire book became soaking wet and fell apart. Anna was never able to figure out how the book ended.

Business Conference
Martha wanted to attend a business conference. She asked her boss for funding. Her boss gave her $1000 for travel and hotel expenses. Mary was delighted. Mary hopped on the airplane to her business conference next day.

Sheets
My girlfriend always hogs the bed sheets when we sleep. She claims not to but it's obvious. I set up a camera to catch her in the act. I showed her the evidence yesterday. She called me creepy and broke up with me today.

Bridesmaid Replaced
It was Sheila's wedding day and she was excited. Her sister who was a bridesmaid wasn't showing up. Her boyfriend wouldn't let her attend because he was jealous. Sheila picked a random lady in the crowd who could fit the extra dress. The lady became Sheila's bridesmaid replacement.

schizophrenia
Valerie started seeing things that weren't there. SHe was too old to have imaginary friends. She decided she needed to get medication. She went to the doctors and got a drug for it. SHe felt better.

Acupuncture
Lisa woke up one day with a pain in her neck. When she told her best friend, Terry suggested she get acupuncture. Lisa had never had acupuncture and was nervous, but decided to go. She had a very relaxing and comfortable experience. Lisa's pain went away, and she was grateful for Terry's advice.

Grandma
When May's grandson was born, she tried to pass on all her knowledge. She gave her daughter Sadie instructions on how to do everything. Eventually Sadie told her mother firmly to stop trying to take over. May was a little hurt when Sadie told her to stop butting in. But she knew she had to let her daughter learn to parent on her own.

Jessica
Jessica lived many years ago in a rural village. She decided to throw a party for the tribal elders. The party was great. Everyone in town thanked her. She gained many new friends because of this.

Joanna
Joanna dated many boys when she was younger. As she got older she wanted to get married. She eventually got married and had a child. Joanna often dreamt of being single after she was married. She divorced her husband and is single to this day.

Dahlia's Love Story
Dahlia had dreamed often of the man of her dreams. She would wonder when he would walk into her life. Then one day as she entered a supermarket, she saw a stunning man. His name was Toby and he instantly swept her off her feet. They began cordially dating, and later married.

Cool Mousepad
Boris felt that his workplace lacked personality. He brainstormed about how to improve this situation. Boris bought a movie poster and put it in his cubicle. His manager told him to take it down. Boris bought a personalized mousepad instead and it was allowed.

England
Matt decided to move to England. He was nervous because he had never traveled so far before. When he got there, he was met by some friendly people. They brought him to their house. Matt was happy because everyone was so nice and welcoming.

Dropping the baby.
Manny was walking with his newborn daughter. Suddenly, he stepped on something sharp. The shock caused him to fall over. His daughter fell from his arms. He worriedly checked on her, and she was okay.

Money Troubles
Veronica was having money trouble, which made her nervous. She was getting far behind on her bills. She decided she'd better get a roommate to cut down on expenses. She asked her friend to move in with her and her friend agreed. Things became a lot easier to handle when costs were split in half.

Pizza Order
Jake was really hungry. He decided to order a pizza. His pizza still did not arrive after an hour. They forgot his order. Jake had to call them again to get his pizza delivered.

The messy microwave.
John had just made some rice in the microwave. His girlfriend needed to use the microwave next. She went to put her dish in and saw a huge mess. The thing was full of water and mashed rice. She yelled at John until he came and cleaned it up.

The illegal eviction.
Shane's landlord was trying to force him to move out. Shane looked up the laws about evictions online. He learned that this eviction was illegal. He filed a report. Luckily, his landlord backed down.

Vacation in India
Jon's family decided to go to vacation in India. Jon didn't want to go to India. His family dragged him along, anyways. Jon was angry. But, he soon fell in love with India!

Dog Park
John was depressed because his girlfriend had broken up with him. It was over a month ago but he couldn't forget about it. He decided to take his dog to the dog park. While he was there a very pretty girl started talking to him. He ended up asking her out on a date.

Getting into College
Beth applied to five different schools before she graduated from high Still, she was extremely worried she wouldn't get accepted anywhere. Her father encouraged her to apply to one more school just in case. When the letters came, she opened them breathlessly. It turns out she was only accepted to the sixth school!

Hula
Lisa decided to take hula classes. She was awkward, and tripped over her feet. The other girls made fun of her. Lisa cried, and swore never to go back to the class. The next week, she went back, head held high.

The orientation.
Jamie was about to enter the sixth grade. Today was her orientation. At first, she was overwhelmed and nervous. Luckily, the school put her in a group. There, she made two close friends.

Uneasy Rider
Dan thought it would be cool to ride a motorcycle. He took a motorcycle license course and passed. He shopped for a bike and found a cool Harley. That night, the news showed a man killed on a motorcycle. Dan's new motorcycle gathers dust in the garage.

Giving Back
Diana asked if I wanted to hang out with her for Halloween. I told her that I was busy and decided to go to the soup kitchen. The place was packed with several people. When I served one particular kid, he got on his knees and thanked me. I also gave him a large hug before he left.

Shut Down
Greg was driving at night. After several minutes, his car immediately shut down. He had to wait for help for several hours. Another driver stopped by his car. She offered a ride home or a phone call to the towing service.

The destroyed book.
Olivia was carrying a hot bowl of soup. She tried to gently put it on the table, but it was too hot. She accidentally spilled the soup across the table. The liquid drowned a book she had left on the table. She tried to save it but the book was ruined.

Guitar
Lance always loved playing the guitar. Every time he was at a party he would play for everyone. Last Saturday he was partying and went to get the guitar. His friends all told him not to. They finally had the courage to tell him he was terrible.

Proud To Be A Member
Eli built a small shrine to the nature spirits. It was a simple thing, but he was proud of it, nonetheless. He'd put flowers and colorful stones on carefully arranged twigs. Eli's classmates came over and saw what he'd made. Eli tearfully watched as they kicked it, destroying it completely.

Migraine
Sam started to get headaches. She never experienced them so frequently. She noticed she would see spots. She finally went to the doctor. Sam was diagnosed with migraines.

Peter forgot his pants.
One day Peter woke up after school had already started. He quickly put on his clothes and went to school. He arrived at school 20 minutes late. Everyone was staring at him as he walked into class. The classroom erupted in laughter because Peter forgot to wear pants.

Loan From The Bank
I went to the bank to get a small loan. I talked to the banker and they told me the interest rates. I decided that the rates were too high. I went to another bank to check the rates there. They gave me a better deal at this bank and i took the loan.

Escape
Gina was ready to leave her dad's mom's house. Until her older sister Kim arrived. Kim came to the porch where Gina and her cousin were sitting. Gina wasn't fond of her cousin and wanted to escape. To her dismay her sister and her cousin were good friends.

Bookshelf
Tiffany bought a bookshelf from the store. In was in a giant heavy box. She didn't realize she'd have to put it together, though. She followed the instructions as best as she could. The bookshelf turned out really well and she actually had fun.

Fire alarm
Kelsi was making her favorite cookies. She was having a blast. Unfortunately Kelsi set off the alarm. Luckily she was able to get the smoke out. Unfortunate however her cookies were burnt.

First Snowfall
It was the first snowfall of the year. Schools were closed as were some businesses. Ed got to stay home with his kids. He felt like a big kid himself as he sledded with his young sons. It was a great way to feel young again.

Jaywalking
I was trying to run to my workplace. When the cars were waiting in traffic, I tried to walk across. Eventually, a cop told me to stop. He gave me a ticket for jaywalking. Afterwards, I walked to work slowly even though I was late.

New kitten
I took a trip to the local animal shelter yesterday to take a look. All of the animals were very cute. My eyes caught a small orange innocent kitten. I realized that was what I wanted. I scooped her out and decided to keep her.

Going to the gym
Erin got a gym membership for her birthday. She finally decided to go and give it a try. She walked in to find skinny women in tight clothing everywhere. She also saw giant men throwing around huge dumbbells. Erin decided she would rather try running to get into shape.

Thrill Time
Jude was looking forward to going to the park. He woke up his parents at 7am sharp. Not full of enthusiasm, they asked Jude to give them one hour. Jude waited the one hour and again went to wake up his parents. They finally left to go to the park later that morning.

Diamond Necklace
Chad wanted to buy his wife a special gift. Chad decided he would get her some jewelry. Chad looked online, and saw a nice diamond necklace. Chad decided he would order the diamond necklace for his wife. Chad hoped that his wife would love the necklace he bought.

Broken Glasses
Rick got on the school bus one day. He took his glasses off and put them in his backpack. Rick leaned against his backpack and took a nap. When he woke up, he noticed he crushed his glasses. When he got home, Rick took them to his Dad who fixed them.

College
My niece's daughter Kayla got accepted to two colleges recently. She got into the University of Maine and Salem State College. She did not get accepted into their nursing divisions, however. Her mother was upset, causing Kayla to get angry. We tried to tell her mom not to be such a stage mother.

Sick
Alice was not feeling well. Her mom thought she had a fever. She decided to let her stay home. She relaxed all day. Her mom was glad she stayed home.

Coke Floats
Todd was at the grocery store. He bought more than he should reasonably attempt to carry home. Todd unreasonably attempted it anyway. He tripped on the footbridge over the creek. His 2 liter coke fell into the creek and floated away.

Steven's Shovel Trouble
Steven needed to shovel his driveway, but he couldn't find his shovel. He couldn't go to the store until he shoveled his driveway, though. Steven called his neighbor, and she brought him a shovel. Steven was very grateful to her for helping him out. He shoveled her driveway, too!

Sandwich Time
Johnny wanted to make a sandwich. But he realized he didn't have any bread. Johnny hopped on the bus to go to the store. He bought bread and more cheese for his sandwich. When he got home, Johnny made his sandwich.

Brazil
Lisa had always wanted to visit Brazil. But she'd never had the money for the trip. Lisa's boss decided to hold a contest for a paid vacation. Lisa worked harder than she ever had, and won the contest! She couldn't wait to finally visit Brazil.

Self-Explanatory
The coach told everyone to put on their bathing suits. Hannah didn't want to however, the coach yelled at her. Although she was hesitant, she managed to put on her one-piece outfit. Everyone in the class couldn't stop looking at her. On the side of her belly, there was a large mole.

Performance Review
Jeff is the boss at his company and oversees thirty employees. He has to write performance reviews for each employee. He realized this will take up too much time to do and he is busy. He hires a secretary to assist him with the reviews. Together they write them all in a few days.

Jane Visits Coney Island
Jane wanted to go to Coney Island to have a hotdog. She worked hard all week. Finally on the weekend Jane was ready to go. She took the bus to Coney Island. When she got there she had a great hotdog.

Movies
I want to go see the new movie that just came out. However, I'm not old enough to get in. I could sneak in, but I might get caught. Then I wouldn't ever be allowed to go again. I think I'll wait until I'm older.

A Haircut
Alice had very long hair. One day, she decided to get it cut. She was nervous because she'd never had short hair before. The whole time she was in the barber's chair, she was nervous. However, when she saw her new short hair, she loved it!

Broken Sprinkler
Carl's sprinkler was broken. It chaotically sprayed water everywhere. He was planning to get it fixed. But he decided to play in it on a hot day. To Carl, the sprinkler was perfect.

Hammer Swing
A talented woodworker tapped a nail in place on a board. He stood back and measured the distance in his head. He swung the hammer in a large sweeping motion. The hammer came down hard on the nail head. The nail was driven into the board completely.

Walden
We used to go to Walden Pond when the kids were little. It was only 45 minutes away from our home. The water was very still and clear. There were no regulations against swimming clear across the pond. My son still swims there on occasion.

Elvis
Larry wanted to write a book. He needed to go somewhere for inspiration. He went to Las Vegas. He wrote about how Elvis isn't really dead. His book didn't make the best seller's list.

Army
When Mark was a child he always played army. He would run around the woods with his friends with toy guns. At 17, he decided to take the test and join the army. He waited for the results, and was admitted! Mark has been a soldier for 7 years now.

Bicycle Race
When the weather started to get warm, Carl rode in a bicycle race. The race had 25 people and was five miles long. It had been a while since the last time Carl had ridden a bicycle. Even though he started to get tired mid-race he pushed through. Carl did not win the race but he was happy to make it to the end.

Cane Day
A man walked down the street with a cane. The cane got stuck in a crack and the man fell. The fall caused the man to land on his shoulder. His arm popped out of his socket. The man dialed his phone for help because he couldn't rise.

Camp
Morgan had never been to camp before. She was extremely nervous the entire car ride there. But on her first day she made a new friend and enjoyed activities. She loved the hiking, canoeing and arts and crafts! Morgan knew she would definitely be going back next year.

The Visit
Sandy was excited. She had moved far away from her daughter over a year ago. Sandy's daughter was flying in to visit her mom for a week. Sandy met her daughter at the airport. Both of them started to cry when they saw each other.

Soaked
Jim parked his car in the parking lot at work. He looked through the window and saw rain pour down all around him. He tried to wait until the rain stopped or slowed down. The more he waited the stronger the storm got. Jim gave up and ran from the car to the building.

Pizza Delivery
Fred and Leo were really hungry. There was no food in the house nor did they have transportation. Fred realized a pizza place nearby delivered. He called an ordered a pizza. It was delivered about forty five minutes later.

Johnny Goes Swimming
Johnny wants to find a way to cool down on a hot day. He decides to go for a swim at the lake nearby his house. Johnny packs his swimming trunks and bikes to the lake. He spends the whole day swimming there. Johnny is glad he found a way to stay cool.

Marcy and John go to homecoming!
Marcy wants to go to homecoming. John needs a date to the dance. Marcy decides to ask her friend John if he'd like to go together. Marcy and John have a great time and sparkle on the dancefloor. Marcy and John decide to date!

Ernie Learns Tennis
One day, Ernie went on a walk in the park. Ernie walked by the tennis courts and saw two beautiful women playing. He had never played tennis before, but he decided to learn. The next day he went to the park, and the ladies were there again. They invited him to join them, and eventually one became his wife.

My Little Helper
My Aunt brought her dog over to my house today. His name is Max and he is very timid. By the time she was ready to leave he was nowhere to be found. We may never have found him at all except for the help we got. My dog Ginger grabbed my Aunt's pants and pulled her to where Max was.

Spending Too Much
My cousin got into an argument with her boyfriend. As a result, she offered his basketball ticket to me. Since I felt bad for her, I decided to take it. However, I had to pay $40 for parking. She didn't say a word during the game since I was mad.

New glasses
Angel was sitting at her computer desk when her eyes started to hurt. She took off her glasses, which made them feel better. When she put them back on, her eyes hurt her again. She realized she needed new glasses, so she made an appointment. She got an eye exam and a new pair of glasses.

Fines
Gina wanted to check out a new book from the library. But she had to return an overdue book first. Gina gave the old book to the librarian. When ready, she returned with the book she wanted to read next. She was upset to find she had to pay the $5 in fines first.

A Trip to the Store
One day I was shopping. I set my purse down for just one minute. When I came back, my wallet was gone. I called the police. They never found it.

Coffee Coffee Coffee
One of my new favorite drinks is black coffee. I read in a magazine that black coffee is very healthy for you. It also has lots of caffeine in it so it helps me get through my job. I found a great coffee shop down the street from my house. I now drink about three cups of coffee every single day.

The Thrift store
A new thrift store opened up in town. I wanted to visit to see what they had. I drove the the shop and went in. I looked over the items in the store. I found a few cool items and purchased them.

Lost Glasses
Gene went for a walk in the woods behind his house to gather kindling. When he got home, he couldn't find his glasses anywhere. He checked his pockets and then retraced his steps in the woods. It started to get dark and he still hadn't found his glasses. When he got home, he realized they were on his head the whole time.

Brownies
Marsha was making brownies for a dinner party. She put the brownies in the oven and decided to take a shower. In the shower, Martha was distracted by the warm water. Marsh forgot to take the brownies out of the oven. There was no dessert for the dinner party.

The poor photo
I decided to take a picture for my facebook profile. I put on some clothes and took a picture of myself. After taking the picture, I noticed that I had a lot of acne. I uploaded the picture to photoshop and cut the acne out of my face. After touching up the picture, I uploaded it to my facebook profile.

2nd Grade
Rob hated the second grade. Every day, he went to the school nurse and begged to go home. The nurse let him stay and take a nap for half an hour. She then called Rob's parents in for a conference. They decided to homeschool him for the rest of the year.

Hunting
Gary decided to go hunting. He had never hunted before. He bought a rifle and ammunition. After a few hours he managed to kill a deer. He was arrested because he didn't have a hunting license.

Paddle
We went fishing in our old paddle boat. We pushed off the dock, stowed away the rope and drifted. We set our lines when we were a good distance from shore. It was lunch time so we decided to head back home. We forgot the oars and had to hand paddle all the way back!

Favors in Return
My friend needed help with his homework assignment. Since class started in 10 minutes, I allowed him to copy my work. The next day, I forgot to bring my lunch to school. When my friend noticed, he was disappointed to. On the bright side, he shared some of his lunch with me.

The Dog
Timmy got his dog Noah when Noah was just a puppy. The two of them did almost everything together. One day Noah go sick and had to go to the veterinarian. Noah would not go inside unless Timmy went with him. Timmy helped comfort Noah so Noah could get the help needed.

Discrimination
I climbed the steps into the bus. The driver gave me an index card to fill my information in. After filling it in, I decided to give it back. He ripped in in pieces and told me to get out. While I was confused, I decided to walk away.

James Goes Running
James likes to run marathons. James enrolled in the marathon a week early. James trained the entire week for the marathon. James ran the marathon successfully. James established a new personal record marathon time.

Jeep
My buddy had a cool Jeep Wrangler. He had it decked out and had huge tires. We would take it off roading. It was crazy being in nature like that. I was always jealous of that Jeep.

The Hike
Mary and Olivia went on a long hike in the woods. All of a sudden, a storm came by. They had to take shelter in a cave until it was dark. They had no way to see and had to stay in the cave all night. Now, Mary and Olivia are more prepared when they go on hikes.

Ching Ming
The Chinese honor their dead on Ching Ming. They visit graves. My brother went last week.q He warned me the cemetery had made some roads one way. I was not pleased with this change.

The One That Didn't Get Away
Jeremy was going on his first fishing trip. Jeremy's dad took him out on the lake in a little rowboat. With his hook baited, Jeremy put his line in the water. It wasn't long before Jeremy got a bite. He was so excited to catch the biggest fish he had ever seen.

Matt's Turtles
Matt had three turtles that he took care of every day. He once decided to try and race the turtles, to see which was fastest. He blocked off the kitchen floor, and set them all out onto the tile. He pushed and poked, but none of the turtles moved much at all. Matt figured turtles may not be the best pet to try to get and race.

biking
There once was a girl named Josie. She wanted to learn how to ride a bike. She kept trying and falling down. Eventually, her friend taught her the correct way. She was happy.

Chris
Chris was hungry Chris decided to go to the store. Chris drove to the store. Chris browsed every aisle. Chris bought many delicious foods at the grocery store.

Bullies
Jenny went to her first day in middle school. She was really nervous she would get bullied for her height. Sure enough she was made fun of by a group of girls. To Jenny's surprise her teacher saw and stood up for her. Jenny is excited to come tomorrow to spend more time with her teacher.

Animal safari fun
Yesterday I went on an animal safari at animal kingdom. The ride was fun. We saw lions and cheetahs. I took a lot of pictures. The pictures would last a lifetime.

Space mountain ride
My cousin and I were about to go on the space mountain ride at Disney. I had never been on a coaster before and was freaked out. As I got in the car and put the bar close to me, I shut my eyes. The ride took off and I was freaking out. Thankfully it was over before I knew it.

He Bought A Lemon
Charles checked out his motel room and didn't want to wait for a bus. He went to Starbucks and log on craigslist to buy a used car. He met Trecce Cio who showed him a 2004 Mitsubishi Eclipse. Charles bought the Eclypse for three thousand dollars. The engine died after twelve months.

Hiking
Helen's family drove to the mountains to go for hike. She loved hiking especially when her dog was able to come. The two of them ran ahead of the others along the path. Her dog took off running after a rabbit. She called him and he finally came back to her.

No More Vitamins
Josh went to go take his vitamin pills. When he opened the bottle, he realized there were none left. Josh decided he needed to get more vitamins. He went to the pharmacy and bought vitamins. Finally, Josh could take his vitamins!

The Trip to the Baseball Game
Mark's dad had noticed he was helping his mother a lot with chores. To thank Mark, his dad decided to buy him tickets to go to a game. At the baseball game, Mark caught a foul ball. With his new souvenir in hand, they walked home after the game. Mark was so excited to tell his mother about their day that evening.

Hammered Finger
Ben bought a new frame to hang a picture up on the wall. He grabbed his hammer and some nails and walked over to the wall. He began to hammer a nail into a chosen spot. While hammering the nail, Ben smashed his pointer finger. Ben finished hanging the picture and then treated his injury.

Room for Improvement
Benny told me that I'm ready to ride the bike without training wheels. He took them off and offered the bike. I positioned my legs on the petals and rode off. I stumbled a couple of times however, I rode smoothly afterwards. The bike wasn't leaning or falling on one side.

Amy get's lost
Amy was going to visit her friend who just moved. She looked up the address and thought she knew how to get there. While she was driving she realized that she was lost! Luckily she had her phone and she used the GPS to get back on track. In the end she found her way to her friend's new house.

Date Night.
Three best friends think it will be great when they move in together. They are soon interrupting each other's dates. So they set up a schedule. Each roommate is only allowed to bring a date home on certain nights. This solves their privacy issues.

Signing up for a library card.
Adam wanted to get a new library card. First, he had to provide proof of his address. He searched through a box of junk mail. Finally, he found an official letter with his address. He turned it in and was able to get his card.

Tutor
Ziggy was an excellent math student His teacher suggested that he become a tutor in his free time. He put his name and some references on the school bulletin board. Soon he had clients from three different schools. All the money he made went into his college fund.

Laptop issues
Kelly was having issues with her laptop. She decided to take it into the repair people. When she took it in, she was worried they couldn't fix it. Thankfully however they fixed it with no problem. Kelly was super thankful.

pierced
Amy wanted to get her ear pierced. She was afraid it might hurt. But she gathered her nerves. She went to the mall and got her ear pierced. To her surprise, it barely hurt at all!

Lost and resentful
Mindy and alex were best friends. One day mindy had to leave to a new hometown. They didn't speak for 5 Years. Later on, they eventually reunite in a new school. They have resentment in their relationship.

Jogging Trip
I put on my jogging clothes and shoes. I walked outside to begin my run. I happily ran down the street for a few minutes. Suddenly, I felt myself lose my balance. I fell face first into the cement sidewalk.

Maria Goes to the Beach
Maria is a girl who lived in the mountainous areas of her country. One day her dad decided they were going to go to the beach. It was her first trip to the beach so she felt good when they arrived. Maria played in the sand and swam a lot in the ocean. Maria took a lot of pictures and showed them to her friends at home.

Broken Glass
Todd went to his kitchen to get a drink. He poured some water in a glass and went to his living room. He sat down on his couch and turned on the tv. While watching tv, Todd relaxed and knocked his glass over. The glass shattered on the floor and Todd had to clean it up.

New Job
Frankie got fired from her job. She decided to go back to college. She got a dental hygienist degree. She got a great new job. She was really proud of herself.

Chris
Chris found some old magazines in the attic while cleaning. He decided to take them to the pawn store to see what they were worth. When he arrived he put the magazines on the counter. The owner said that the magazines were worth a lot. Chris made a lot of money that day.

The surprise float ride.
Maggie's cousin was going to be in a parade. Maggie had to bring her her coat before the float left. She was watching them get ready and thought it looked fun. Suddenly, the owner asked if she would like to ride. Maggie said yes and rode in the parade.

A Very Long Day
Last Tuesday started like any other day. My wife drove off to work, and I woke up the kids. On her drive in she blew out a tire. I wanted to go change the tire, but our second car wouldn't start. We both ended up getting towed to get our cars fixed.

Hair
Kay had best cancer, but the treatment had made her hair fall out. She was afraid to return to school without hair. But she couldn't find any wigs she liked, so she decided to go bald. On her first day back, she got a wonderful surprise. Five other students had shaved their heads to look just like her!

Kayaking
I was bored. I decided to go kayaking. I went alone. The kayak capsized and I almost drowned. I realized I should go with a friend next time.

horseback riding
Ava had always wanted to ride a horse. Her dad got her lessons for her twelfth birthday. Ava was thrilled! She and her dad went to the corral and saddled up. Soon Ava was riding her horse, sobbing tears of joy!

Will's Weight Loss
Will wanted to lose weight before summer. He went on a drastic diet that didn't seem to work. He then tried to take diet pills. Those didn't work either! Now he is running four hours each day and seeing great results!

The opening day
Mark was excited to go to a baseball game on opening day. As his father drove he gladly read what was written on the ticket. When they arrived at the stadium he was in awe of it's size. As they approached Mark gladly handed the ticket to the worker. As they sat in their seats he smiled, happy to be close to the field.

Matt Becomes a Lawyer
Matt had always found the court system interesting. His teachers told him his grades were too low to get into law school. However, Matt worked very hard and was eventually admitted. He worked as hard as he could in law school. Finally Matt became a lawyer.

Birthday Party
Liz was having her 30th birthday in 2 days. She still did not have anything to wear. Her mom decided to take her shopping. She finally found the perfect dress. Liz had a great party.

Tim is too Tired
Tim woke up feeling very tired. He didn't have the motivation to go to work. His friend gave him an energy drink. Tim felt much more awake. Tim was able to finally go to work.

He's Sleep
Lucy was bored watching TV with her grandpa. He wanted her to stay and watch TV with him. Grandma came into the room. Lucy eagerly attempted to help with her chores. Grandpa laughed and suggest she relax and enjoy the show.

Pain Makes A Book
Harry's wife left him for another man. Harry got so blue, wondering how he could move on in life. He began recording his thoughts and making notes of his experience. As he came out of his blues, he realized he had a book on his hands. A year later, his book on surviving divorce is already helping others.

Her First Time Bowling
I went to the bowling alley with a friend. This was the first time she had gone bowling. I had to show her how to hold the ball. She was very good at bowling. She beat me in every game!

Roommates
Denise was roommates with Phoebe. Phoebe decided to move out. Denise was sad to lose her roommate. She put an advertisement in the paper for a new roommate. Now Denise lives with Monica.

The Flu
Lisa came down with the flu. Lisa was sad because she couldn't go to school. Lisa decided to rest well at home so she could recover. Lisa's flu went away after one week. Finally, lisa could go back to school!

Surprise Proposal
Dee found a pink piece of paper tucked under her windshield wiper. It was a flyer for a concert taking place later that night. Dee's boyfriend had just cancelled their date, so she decided to go. At the concert, she was surprised when her boyfriend got on stage. He proposed to Dee, telling her that he had left the flyer on her car.

Vacation foiled
Lee wished she could go on vacation, but had no extra money. She started a second job, to save money for a vacation. Her second month on the job, Lee won an award for best work. Lee was thrilled to learn the award gave a prize of a free vacation. Sadly, Lee could not take the vacation because she had to work.

Going to the ATM.
Suzie lived down the road from the ATM. She needed some money. She put on shoes and went outside. Then, she walked down to the ATM. Finally, she got her money.

Kansas City Assistant Concertmaster audition
I play violin and take a lot of orchestral auditions. Three years ago I auditioned for Assistant Concertmaster of KCS. I knew the audition was a long shot, but I practiced for months. The day of the audition I played well and was excited. I did not win, but was the only person to advance.

Andrea's First Dance
Andrea's friend Nick invited her to the school dance. She was happy to go with him. She was a little nervous, because she couldn't dance. She asked her mom for help and learned how to dance. She went and danced to every song.

All-night working.
Susan had a lot of bills to pay. She decided to stay up all night working online. She did surveys until the crack of dawn and made some decent money. By morning, she was absolutely exhausted. Finally, she went to sleep.

Mean friends
Jane asked Jane and her friend if they can hang out together. All of them agreed to go to the movies. Jane panicked when she found out that her wallet is home. In addition, her friend decided to watch the movie without her. Jane became furious afterwards.

Embarrassing noise.
I was going to the doctor's office for a check up. The doctor's assistant told me to take a seat. I sat down on a rubber couch and the couch made a fart like noise. Everyone looked at me funny. I told them it was the couch and they all laughed.

Phone
Aya was the only girl in her class without a cell phone. She hoped her parents would get her one for her birthday. But on her birthday they handed her a huge box! Aya hid her disappointment and opened the box. Inside was lots of styrofoam peanuts - and a new cell phone!

CHURCH
Kate had the perfect church home. The one place for peace, praying and gathering as God ask her to. Kate had been a member for years. The most disturbing thing turn out to be church was not real. Kate church was busted and she had to find another church home.

The Wedding
I took my girlfriend to my cousin's wedding. It was a lovely ceremony. When it came time to throw the bouquet everyone lined up. My girlfriend wound up catching it. She hasn't stopped talking about marriage since then.

Headache
Yesterday, I had a really bad headache. I tried many things to get it to go away, but it only got worse. Finally, I took a nap in the hopes that it would help. I fell asleep quickly. When I awoke, my headache was gone.

Reformed
Daniel had been in jail on drug charges for ten years. When he got out, his first thought was to get more drugs. But then he thought of his family. He went to visit his two children and his estranged wife, who smiled. He decided to stay with them and not get any drugs after all.

Chat Rooms.
I used to go on chat rooms. I was just a kid and I the internet was new. I remember a girl sent me a picture. So I sent one of my older brother back. She then sent me a naked photo, I loved chatrooms.

Mike goes to university
Mike realized that he needed to have a reliable skill. He decided to go to college to learn a skill for employment. Mike drove to the local university and asked for help. He became enrolled and began to study to be an engineer. Unfortunately, Mike did not enjoy school and decided to drop out.

Sushi
My daughter and her husband asked us to go out to eat. We tried a new sushi bar that sounded interesting We met in the railyard and only had to wait about 5 minutes. The menu was unusual and interesting. We tried many new things that we had never eaten before.

Dave's Big Trip
Dave had wanted to travel to California his whole life. Dave worked hard and saved his money. Eventually he had enough money for a trip. Dave planned out his vacation. Finally he was ready for his dream trip to California.

Bungee Jumping
The thought of doing bungee jumping scared me. However, I was willing to take the risk and try it. My friend went first, and he did extremely well. He was able to land a few flips. After the first couple of seconds, I got tied up in the equipment.

Hot and Spicy
Betty was five Year's old and loved to go to restaurants. Every weekend she would beg her mother to take her out to eat. One weekend, her mother took her to a Mexican restaurant. Betty ordered something that was too spicy for her. For many weeks after, Betty did not ask to go out to eat.

Birthday Surprise
Charlotte wanted to go to an amusement park for her birthday. Her birthday was in the winter and it was too rainy for her plans. She sadly cancelled the event and took back her friend's invites. Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party instead. The surprise was a success and Charlotte was ecstatic at the party.

A glucose test.
Melissa was pregnant and needed a glucose test. First, she had to drink a sugary drink. Then, she had to wait an hour. Finally, they drew some blood to test it. In the end, she passed the test.

Marty cleans his room
Marty needed to clean his room. He put all of his dirty clothes into the clothes hamper. He took all of the dirty dishes to the kitchen. He picked up the trash and vacuumed the floor. His room was finally clean.

Trip to the Park
Rita wanted to go to the park. It was raining hard. She got an umbrella before heading out. When she got to the park, it stopped raining. Rita was glad.

Scarves for the Homeless
Ben's social studies class was spending the day knitting. They were making scarfs to give to the homeless shelter. He thought knitting was for girls. But he felt really good about doing something for homeless people. He even worked on an extra scarf at home that night.

The Rice
I was cooking rice. My Indian friend suggest I put cardamom seeds in the rice. He said it would make the rice taste better. I decided to follow his advice. Indeed, the rice tasted delicious!

A New Friend
There once was a little girl named Molly. Molly would often get anxious and stressed. One day, Molly's mother bought her a little cat. Molly really loved that cat. The cat helped her be calmer, and made her a lot happier.

Queen
Rayne wanted to visit the Queen of England. Rayne always dreamed of the opportunity to visit the Queen. Rayne researched how she would be able to visit the Queen. After researching, Rayne realized that visiting the Queen is not easy. Rayne decided that watching the Queen on television would have to do.

Sitting
Lo was twelve when her parents announced they were expecting again. Lo was angry and grumpy! She took a job babysitting to get her away from her home. Gradually she realized she loved little kids! Soon she hurried home to wait to welcome her new baby brother!

Sand everywhere
Jen wen to the beach to read her book. She set her chair down in the sand and sat A strong wind blew sand all over her. She stood up to brush herself off. Jen sat back down and found where she left off.

Cutting finger on knife
I went into the kitchen to cook dinner. I put vegetables and a knife on the counter. I began to cut into the vegetables with the knife. I felt a sharp pain and saw a dark red liquid. I looked down to see that I had deeply cut my finger.

Jaime's Detour
Jaime was on his way home from work. The highway he usually took was closed. Jaime decided to take the long way home. He got slightly lost on numerous back roads. Jaime finally arrived home two hours later.

The Trash
The trash can in Sally's house was full. Sally nagged her husband to take it out. Sally's husband was having back pain. He refused to take out the trash. Sally took out the trash herself.

Lorraine Needs Help With Her Doll
Lorraine noticed that her doll was not wearing shoes. She asked her mama to help her put shoes on her doll. Her mama took the doll to put the shoes on it as Lorraine had asked. She gave the doll back to Lorraine after putting its shoes on. Lorraine thanked her mama for the help.

Fingernails
Sheila took a day off to go to the spa. She wanted a pedicure and manicure. She chose red for the color. The spa workers gave her a great manicure. Her fingernails looked beautiful for the rest of the week.

Ian and the dog
Ian was driving home from college one day. On the way home he saw a stray dog. Ian loved animals so he stopped and tried to get the dog to come. The dog was docile and got in the car. Ian took the animal to a shelter where it was taken care of.

Firecracker
We played with firecrackers when we were young. One day I tried to throw a lighted firecracker out the window. I threw it wrong and it fell into the window sill. Luckily, the firecracker was a dud. I was much more careful after that incident.

Johnny Takes a Cab
Johnny was partying with his friends. He had been drinking all night. He decided to take a taxi home instead of driving. When he got home he paid the taxi driver $20. Johnny was proud that he did the right thing.

In the Club
Amy and her sister went to a club in LA while Amy was on vacation. They stood in line waiting to enter the club an hour. When they were at the front of the line a Lamborghini pulled up. Amy yelled "Kanye" as he stepped out. She was surprised and pleased when stopped for a photo with her.

New Moto
Sam bought a new motorcycle. He tried to leave the car dealership, but he didn't know how to drive. The salesman had to show him the throttle, steering, etc. Finally, Sam was ready to leave the lot. He pulled out and promptly fell into a ditch.

Bring a Friend
Amy was invited on a group outing by Ray. Amy had a crush on Ray and was excited to go out with him. Amy didn't know any of Ray's other friends. She worried she wouldn't have anyone to talk to other than Ray. She was elated when her friend Beth agreed to come along.

Driver's Test
Bill was really nervous the morning of his driving test. He wanted to get his licence so badly! He got into the car with the examiner. She told him what she wanted him to do. He didn't make any mistakes so he left with his driver's license.

That Old Bloody Shirt
Carson put on his favorite white dress shirt. He saw some red spots on the pocket. Carson looked in the mirror and saw blood pouring from his nose. He grabbed for some kleenex. Carson quickly started soaking the shirt before the blood could set.

Cold
Sue had a cold and needed to get well fast. She didn't want to go to work sick! She tried pills and syrups, but nothing worked. Then she stumbled upon the real cure. Chicken soup and hot tea made her well!

An Ally
Gina was at her dad's mom's house with her cousins. She was ready to leave after an hour of pretending to get along. A car pulled into the driveway. Gina worried it would be someone else she didn't like. To her delight her sister stepped out of the car.

Miles Replaces a Lightbulb
Miles notices that his bedroom is even darker than usual. He realizes that one of the lights in his room isn't working. Miles decides to get a replacement light bulb from the local store. He replaces the bulb in his room. Miles is happy now that his room is a little less dark.

A little too long
Mike wanted to bake cookies for his friends. He put the oven to 350 F and began to make the dough. The dough was perfect and he made it into shapes. Mike forgot to set a timer when he put them in the oven. Forty minutes later he ran to pull out his burnt cookies.

Jim's Hat
Jim lost his hat at the train station. He put up posters of his hat. After a week, someone called Jim. She had found his hat on a bench. She returned it him and he bought her dinner to say thank you.

Fitness Competition
John woke up in the morning one day looked in the mirror. He was extremely unhappy with what he saw. Ever since the breakup, he had put on over 50 pounds. John made a vow then and there to get into the best shape of his life. Just over a year later, he won a prestigious fitness competition.

Fish Fiasco
Pete's teacher said the kids could bring their pets to class. Pete's pals talked about bringing dogs and cats and rabbits. Pete felt left out because he only had pet fish. Before school, Pete scooped his fish from the tank. When he showed the fish, they were floating in a small bowl.

New iPod
Kelly was excited to get a new iPod. She was in desperate need of one. Her old one died out. She finally went out and got a new one. She ended up loving it.

Teaching To Give.
I always give the kids shopping money. Last year they both received Twenty dollars to buy holiday presents. They bought everyone something special. I do it to teach them about giving. We'll do it again this year.

Olivia's Party
Oliver was hosting a party for his friends. He was setting up for it in his house. He put out a bunch of food and played some music. Soon his guests started to show up. Overall, the party went really well.

The kitten and the treats
Maggie's kitten loved her treats. In fact, her kitten has dug her way into the bag for them. So, Maggie put them up in the highest cupboard. One day, Maggie came home to kitten treats all over the floor. Her little kitten had jumped up and knocked the bag onto the floor.

Christmas Morning.
Janet was very excited that it was Christmas so she could open gifts. She raced downstairs to take a look at the presents under the tree. To her delight, there were a dozen gifts with her name on them. Janet immediately opened every gift she could get her hands on. She was thrilled that she got everything she asked for the holidays.

Just My Luck
Yesterday, I decided to go with my friends to the gym. My friends and I arrived at the gym at 4 o'clock. I kept my keys and my cellphone in my pockets. I wasn't paying attention to my phone as it fell out of my pocket. After my workout, I realized that my cell phone screen cracked.

Valet
Tim worked as a valet. Tim and his friends would race each other on foot to retrieve a car. They would run very fast. They would drive the cars fast as well. They had fun on the job.

Coach
Matt wanted to get in shape He decided to pay for a coach. He works out with the coach for a month. He ended up losing 20 pounds. He was happy with it

Frannie's Pie
Frannie was invited to Thanksgiving dinner. She wanted to bring a pie. She spent all day baking one. Then, she brought the pie to dinner. Everyone loved it.

Defense
Olena was in the waiting room for her checkup. An old man came in and sat close to her. He tried to touch her and asked if they can go out. She immediately called security. The guard escorted the man to another place.

New TV
Jake wanted to go on a shopping spree. He had just gotten his tax returns. He decided to go to his local electronics store. He bought a huge 60 inch TV and some speakers. He watched movies all night on his brand new TV.

Changing Orders
Jim was disappointed to learn he had orders to an undesirable country. Jim's family couldn't go with him and he would miss them terribly. He researched procedures for deployments. The rules for deployment required a minimum time in position. Jim had been in his position too short a time so he was able to stay.

The Burnt Girl
Julie wanted to go to the beach. She packed up everything and drove there. After a few hours, she had a feeling that she had forgotten something. Julie went home and saw in the mirror how red she was. She now keeps always keeps sunscreen in her beach bag.

Rhythm Games Work
My trumpet teacher was amazing. He could play any rhythm you put in front of him. I asked him to teach me his secret. He told me that he thought up words to go with the rhythms. All of his examples were really funny!

Special Offer
Ben decided to visit the pet store. He spent most of his time searching for a pair of goldfish. The cashier caught his attention and showed him around the store. He even persuaded Ben to purchase a hamster. At the end of the day, Ben took home the hamster and a few supplies.

Scratch On Truck
Harry parked his truck near the park. When he got back he noticed a scratch on his door. He took his car to get it fixed. His mechanic buffed out the scratch. Harry paid his mechanic $100 for his work.

Watching the sunrise.
Ross was on a trip to the beach. It was still early morning but he couldn't sleep. He decided he should get up to see the sunrise. He walked over to the beach and waited. The sunrise was bright and beautiful on the shore.

Sneaking
Rob was grounded for a week. He wasn't allowed to leave his room. His parents went out to dinner one night. Alex went to the living room and played Nintendo for hours. When he saw their headlights he ran to his room and feigned sleep.

Rushing To Get To Class
Tim was rushing to get to class. He had missed the bus on the way to school. His mom dropped him off. Tim ran towards his 1st period class. The bell rang just as Tim got to the classroom.

False labor.
Miranda was pregnant. She was shopping when she started to feel contractions. She went to the hospital and they put her on a monitor. For a while they were worried that she was in labor early. Luckily, things died down and she was okay.

The Long Walk Home
Gina decided to walk home from school. She needed to be alone to think. She had to give her mom bad news. Her teacher took her $400 cell phone from her. Gina knew she was in deep trouble.

Shy Pet
Ashton got a new pet hamster. The hamster is very shy and timid. She tries to play with him but he doesn't want to leave the cage. She ended up buying a new toy to lure him out. The hamster came out of the cage to play with the toy.

The Teddy Bear
Every Tuesday Ella goes to the park with her teddy bear. She took teddy down the slides, on the swings, and in the sand box. Ella heard her mom calling that it was time to go home. She looked around and could not find Teddy. Ella ran to her mom crying, but Mom already had Teddy waiting.

Mandy
Many found a gun in the attic. She took it to a dealer and he told her it was an antique. She decided she would get it restored. After it was restored she put it in a box and wrapped it. She gave it to her dad for his birthday and he was happy.

Fishing
David and Saul awoke early one morning. The gathered their gear and made their way to the small boat. The boat set sail and carried them far out into the sea. When they arrived at the site the men began to fish. They returned home that night with the largest fish ever caught.

Dinner
I am a stay at home mom. I get very tired of deciding what to make for dinner. I run out of ideas all the time. One day I was running errands and came home to my husband home early. He had made dinner!

Out of town
Alex's mom was going out of town. She was leaving him with his dad. Dad and Alex helped mom put her things in the car. They drove mom to the airport. Mom gave Alex a big hug and disappeared behind the large sliding door.

Soup
Sue was at her daughter's house. Her daughter was out of town and her son was sick. Sue was more than happy to help get her grandson well again. She bought a chicken and made a soup. Her grandson ate the soup heartily and felt better.

Picking up Pizza.
Sara ordered a pizza on the phone. She had to walk down the street to pick it up. Inside, she gave them her order number. They gave her the pizza and she paid them. Finally, she left with the pizza.

4th Time
Amy's boss told her he wanted to move her to a new desk. Amy was upset because she liked her current desk. She complained for a week leading up to the move. She told her boss she didn't want to take time to move. When Amy arrived the next day her boss had moved her things for her.

Advancement?
The manager called me into his office this morning. He informed me I was one of three people who might get a promotion. I was very excited and knew my work with the company was stellar. I kept imagining what I would do with a new title and salary! In the end, I didn't get the promotion and my hopes were dashed!

The Bet
I bet my friend that I could get a girl to go on a date with me. He agreed to the bet. Alas, after two days no girl had accepted my offer. I decided to hire a girl to go on a pretend date with me. My friend paid the bet and I split the winnings with the girl!

Chocolate Cake
Phillipa baked a cake. She put on chocolate icing. She gave it to her sister for her birthday. Her sister threw it at the wall. Philip knew her sister was allergic to chocolate.

Lunch
Gina left the lunchroom to return to the classroom. She wanted to search Dave's desk for her pencils. There was a teacher outside of the lunchroom. So she decided to wait till she left. When the teacher turned her back she ran up the stairs unseen.

Shopping Trip
I get to go to the mall today. I love shopping, it's so fun. I picked out a green shirt that had stripes. I will wear it tomorrow. My shopping trip was a success.

Bob
Bob was always happy when his cousins would come for a visit. He also became very depressed when they left to go home. His older brother asked him why he was so sad. Bob said, "mom never beats me when we have company". Bob's brother confronted his mom and the abuse stopped.

The Dog Races
My uncle was addicted to the dog races. He would go twice a month or more. He lost a lot of money there. Eventually he accumulated a lot of debt because of it. He took his own life to escape it.

Pests
John had a mouse in his home. It had been coming up from behind his sink. He put traps out in response. He never caught anything, though. He's still looking for it to this day.

House
Stan went to a friend's house. Stan likes the friend, Sam, and wanted to get to know her better. After an hour, Sam's mother started yelling at her. Sam started crying. Stan tried to comfort her.

Carol
carol loved to go fishing with her grandfather One day when they were fishing carol fell in the lake Her grandfather told her to stay calm and breather Carol did so and ended up learning how to swim Carol loved swimming ever since that day

Meeting Santa
Yesterday little Marc went to meet Santa for the first time. He was a bit nervous to go up and talk to Santa. When it was his turn, Santa smiled at him and waved. Marc went up and told Santa what he wished for Christmas. Santa was so nice that Marc realized he didn't have to be nervous!

Ears pierced
Kelly really wanted her ears pierced. She never had them done before. She drove to the parlor to get them done. When she got there they pieced them. To her surprise it did not hurt.

The Messed up Pizza
Tim was hungry so he looked around for food. He couldn't find anything, so he decided to order a pizza. After calling, he had to wait a while, so he relaxed. When the pizza arrived, the delivery guy accidentally dropped it. Tim had to wait an extra half an hour for a new pizza to arrive.

Into the Neighbor's Yard
My mother's dogs escaped into the yard of her next-door neighbor. We had to squeeze through a small hole in the fence to get over there. We scooped both dogs up and brought them home. When we were home, both dogs got a big scolding. We had to reinforce the fence to keep them from getting out again.

Hungry
Bill was very hungry in class. However, lunch was an hour away. He just couldn't take it. He started daydreaming about the food he would eat later. So much time passed, that it was finally lunch time.

The Lie
Andrew needed to get to work but didn't have any money. He jumped the train, meaning he didn't buy a ticket. Two officers boarded the train and checked tickets. Andrew didn't have a ticket and lied about his name. Now he's worried about being caught for the lie.

A Whitish Wedding
Sam had proposed to Nancy on the steps of their church. Neither was interested in unduly waiting. The wedding date was set for Fall, only a month away. Nancy wore a cream colored dress and laced veil. Sam lifted the veil, kissing her and thinking of the coming honeymoon.

Bad sunburn
Last week Cara and her best friend Jill went to the ocean. They laid out in the sun to get an even tan. To her dismay, Cara found out she had a terrible sunburn. She looked in the mirror and saw skin peeling. She then learned her lesson and would never tan again.

Replace The Key
Gina had taken her mother's house key with her knowing. After making a copy she needed to put the key back. The only problem was her mother was no longer napping. The trip to get the copy had taken too long. Gina was now out of time, and needed to devise a new plan.

Make Your Own Breaks
Two best friends from Boston write a movie together. They star in it and get it filmed. The movie receives critical praise. They both go on to become huge movie stars. Their movies sell billions of dollars of tickets over the next 20 years

Paul's Collection
Paul loves to collect bugs. His favorite is the lady bug. He tries to collect at least one every day. Today, he could not find one. Paul is sad that he didn't collect a lady bug today.

Always check first
She put the water on to boil. While she waited, she got out the macaroni and cheese. She cooked the noodles. She went to get the butter but found an empty box. She learned to check before starting to cook.

Great War
The two classes of children engaged in a game of Tug of War. The rope was pulled tightly between the two teams. One side took an early lead but slowly began to lose. The other side reeled in the other team like a fish. The game ended when the first team lose their balance and fell.

Inconsiderate
My friend Lina walked towards me. She asked if I want to go to the prom with her. Since I already arranged a date with someone else, I told her no. She immediately got hit and smacked me with her purse. I remained on my knees trying to hold the pain on my stomach.

A Day Off
Lindsay had a day off and wanted to go somewhere. She decided to go to the park. There was a duck pond at the entrance. Lindsay went over to feed the ducks some bread. The ducks ate the bread.

Trip to hardware store
Kelly needed to go to the hardware store. She had to get equipment. When she got there she saw everything she needed. Finally when she bought it they were on sale. Kelly was happy to get it.

Test Fatigue
Steve studied all night for an exam the next day. In the morning, he gulped coffee to stay awake for the test. By the time of the test, Steve was tired and jittery. The words on the paper seemed to swim before his eyes. Fifteen minutes into the test period, Steve had fallen asleep.

The Carpet
Jill had a new baby. She put the baby in her high chair. When she walked away, the baby spilled juice on the carpet. Jenny had to clean it up for half an hour. She learned to take the juice away before leaving the baby alone.

Broken lamp
Allie needed to get inside her house. When she got in, she saw her lamp was broken. She saw it shattered on the floor. She immediately picked it up. She found out the cat did it.

Working on Weekends
Ted had mounting piles of bills to pay. He started a second job just to be able to get by. He worked on weekdays for his primary job. On weekends, he worked as as uber driver. After two months, Ted finally had a handle on his bills.

New Kitchen Counter
Martha was planning to get a new kitchen counter installed. She wanted a marble finish on it. She hired workers to redo her kitchen. When they were finished, Martha was left with a beautiful new counter. Martha used this counter everyday to cook meals for her family.

The Puppy
Sally went to friend's house after work. She brought a puppy with her that someone had left at her work. She told her friend Dan he should take the adorable puppy. After 1 hour with the cute puppy he couldn't resist. The puppy has been in Dan's life for 11 Year's now.

breakfast
Ricky really wanted breakfast. But he was too lazy to cook. He decided to go out to eat. He dressed quickly and left the house. Then he went and ate a yummy restaurant breakfast.

The trip to disney.
Amelia was about to go on her first trip to disney. It was the morning of the trip and she was so excited. Unfortunately, her mom wasn't feeling well. She was worried she wouldn't get to go. Luckily, her aunt offered to take her.

Clean
Cara was an addict and desperately wanted to get clean. She tried to quit on her own. But each time, her cravings  won out. Then she decided to attend a rehab center. Within three months she was clean for good!

Flood
Sophie knew the weather was supposed to get bad. She was not prepared for a lot of rainy. As she was driving home, she got caught in a flood. Sophie tried to drive through. Sophie's car got stuck on the bridge.

The loud bird.
Emily was trying to sleep. Her brother's pet bird was chirping non-stop. She couldn't take the annoying noise anymore. She ran to his room and threw a blanket over the cage. Finally, the bird quieted down.

Chicken sausage
Tina decided to go and buy some sausage. She liked sausage but couldn't eat pork. She therefore decided to buy chicken sausage. To her delight it tasted good. She was bound to buy more of them.

Pablo's Painting
Pablo wanted to make a painting. Pablo was no good at painting. He tried everything that he could to get better. Nothing seemed to help him. Pablo decided to quit painting to start sculpting clay.

Bad Start
The teacher introduced herself to the class today. They were happily until the teacher started to act serious. She told everyone to get up. They sat down on their assigned seats. She also assigned tons of work.

Vincent collects
Vincent works as a debt collector. Vincent's boss says that Brad owes him money. Vincent drives to Brad's house with a friend to get the money. When they get there, Brad gives them the money in a briefcase. Vincent takes the money back to his boss, Marsellus.

The Concert
Jason won tickets to a rock concert. He was very excited. Jason asked his friend Steve to go with him. Together they got ready for the concert by having a couple of beers. They both really enjoyed the rock concert.

Get a Snack
Gina wasn't looking forward to the long drive to Illinois. When her family stopped at a gas station she decided to get snacks She purchased a juice, some chips, and some candy. She fell asleep in the car to waiting on the rest of her family. When she awoke someone had eaten her chips.

Seasick
Patty and Norman were about to take their first cruise vacation. Neither of them had been on a cruise ship before. It was a four day, three night cruise to Cancun, Mexico. Unfortunately, Patty was horribly seasick the entire time. She was never so glad to return home from a vacation.

Jungle
Bill desired to have an adventure. He asked his friends to join him. They decided to go on jungle trekking adventure. They planned everything out perfectly. They all enjoyed their jungle trek.

Worst Luck
I waited for the afternoon school bus to take me home. When the bus arrived at my stop, outside was raining. Knowing this, the bus driver still wanted me to get out. After walking out, I became soaked from the rain. I decided to wait in a store for the rain to clear up.

Stealing The Family Car
Jamal was fifteen and did not have a driver's license. But he wanted to drive a car and impress his friends. While his parents were away, he drove the family car. But he got a flat tire. He smashed a bottle by the tire so his dad would think he did it.

Sharing Ice Cream
Tim and his little brother got sundaes from the ice cream shop. While they were walking home, Tim tripped and dropped his. He didn't have any more money to get another. Tim's brother offered to share his. Tim felt lucky to have such a nice, caring brother.

Claw game
Maggie went to an arcade. She tried playing the claw game. She wanted to get the toy. She tried many times but it wouldn't work. Maggie was disappointed.

James Fall
James is rock climbing. About a quarter of the way up he slips. With one hand dangling and hold on he falls. James tumbles and slides down a cliff. James barely survives and needs medical attention.

Meg's Ice Cream
Meg loved eating ice cream. She asked her dad to take her to the ice cream stand. Her dad bought her a chocolate ice cream cone. But she accidentally dropped it, and began to cry. Meg's dad bought her a new ice cream cone and she ate it happily.

Cleaning Lady
Ali got a job as a cleaning lady. She went to work on her first day, ready and eager. When she got started, she realized the place was disgusting. It was way worse than she had anticipated. She finished the job, but quit as soon as it was done.

Taco Night
Mary decided to make tacos for dinner. She cooked the meat and shredded the cheese. Mary put the filling in tortillas. She served the tacos with a big salad. Her family ate all of the tacos before Mary sat down!

CPAP Trouble
A year or so ago I was diagnosed with sleep apnea. The sleep specialist I saw recommended a CPAP to help me sleep. It took a while to get used to you to the CPAP but it really helped me However, after using it for a while, I got a bad respiratory infection. I learned to clean my CPAP regularly and sleep well every night.

Random Meeting
I tried to walk to my class. A girl introduced herself to me. I found out that we were born from the same country. I recorded her number on my phone. We eventually left to go home.

Science Fair
Leo was a student who loved science. He decided to enter the science fair. He performed his experiments and painstakingly recorded the results. The day of the science fair came, and the judges were very impressed. His hard work paid off.

Janice Takes a Swim
For 40 Years Janice has been afraid of swimming. Her friends and family encourage her to go to the beach. Finally Janice agrees to go swimming. She loves being back in the water after so long. Janice wishes she hadn't waited so long to go swimming.

Cool Shower
It was a hot day. So Carla decided to take a cool shower. It made her feel clean and refreshed. But after she got out of the shower, she began sweating. Carla wished she could stay in the shower the whole day.

Jasper Eats Some Chicken
Jasper realizes there is no food at his house. He decides to go out to get some fried chicken. The fried chicken restaurant has a very long line. Finally Jasper gets his fried chicken. He feels much better after eating.

Julie Exercises
Julie decides to get a personal trainer to lose weight. She trains with her trainer for many months. However, Julie realizes that the trainer is very expensive. She decides to start training on her own. Julie is able to lose weight without the expensive training sessions.

Good report card
It was the end of the quarter at Amy's high school. Her father offered to help her buy a car if she got straight A's Amy rushed home to get her report card from the mail. To her delight she had an A in every class. Her father stuck to his word and took her car shopping.

Prize Painting
Lydia loved to paint with water colors. She painted a landscape, with soft hues and a gentle meadow. Her friends urged her to enter the painting in the school contest. Lydia acquiesced, entering her artwork. Her painting won her first prize and an art school scholarship!

Summer Afternoon
Alyce and Chris went with their friends to the river one afternoon. They set up their chairs and blankets in the beautiful park nearby. Alyce and Chris sat and talked for many hours with their friends. They ate and drank and played catch that summer afternoon. When the sun began to set they grabbed their things and walked home.

Money
Fran was really broke. She started doing all she could to get money. She needed to get caught up. She worked three jobs. Finally she was in a good place financially.

Book
Peb had left her math book in the lunchroom. She hurried back to get it. She was sure the book would be gone. But to her relief, it was right where she had left it! Peb was very glad nobody had stolen her book.

Walk Home
Tim was waiting to be picked up from school. But he began feeling impatient. He decided to walk home after waiting for an hour. He became cold and wet as it was raining. And when he got home, he found his mom sleeping.

Tornado
Gayle was driving cross country in her RV. One night in Oklahoma, a tornado approached her RV. The wind was deafening, and it shook the RV. Gayle started up the engine and prepared to drive away. When she saw the tornado getting closer, she floored the gas.

A police visit.
Martha was at home about to go to bed. Suddenly she heard a knock on the door. It was a police officer. He let Martha know that her adult daughter had been in an accident. Martha rushed to the hospital to check on her.

Stay Determined!
Paul loved to cook, it was his passion. Unfortunately, everything he made was nigh-inedible. But he kept trying and refused to give up! After years of perseverance, he finally secured his dream job! The local 1-star restaurant was quite happy with their new head chef.

Can't get to work
Fred's car broke down in the middle of a work week. He needed an alternative way to get to work so he looked online. Fred found a used bike for cheap and contacted the seller. Fred walked to the seller's house and purchased the bike. Fred then rode the bike back to his house to use for work.

The Ducks
Joel loved to feed the ducks. He would collect stale bread in his neighborhood. Then, he would go to the pond. The ducks knew him when they saw him. They always crowded around him for food.

Davis Goes to Utah
Davis had always wanted to snowboard in Utah. He had been told that the mountains there had beautiful snow. He and a friend took the long drive to Utah to find a good mountain. They spent a terrific weekend snowboarding. Davis was very happy that he finally snowboarded in Utah.

The Duck Pond
Lindsay had a day off and wanted to go to the park. Arriving at the park she noticed a large amount of ducks. Running over to them, they all ran away except for one. This one duck followed Lindsay around the pond for an hour. When leaving, Lindsay reached down to pet the duck, who bit her.

Exhausted
Ian was exhausted after soccer practice. But he needed to finish his homework. It estimated that it would take him 3 hours. And he began to work. But he found himself with his nose against his desk at 3 AM.

Dog Walking
I wanted to walk my friend's dog because I never had before. She gave me the dog which was on a leash. I walked the dog for about twelve blocks. The dog jerked free and ran away. Thankfully, I later found the dog at my friend's house.

Iranian
Raya went to visit her family in Iran. She had never seen the country before. She thought it was noisy and dirty! She spent two weeks there visiting her family. She was glad to return home to America.

Kevin and His Daughter
Kevin was a father who didn't get a chance to see his daughter often. One day he had time off and went to visit her in the country. She wasn't very happy to see him because he was gone a lot. However one day she got in trouble and Kevin rescued her. After that Kevin and his daughter had a very close relationship.

Blind Date
My friend introduced me to a close friend of his. I asked her out on a date to get to know more about her. When we arrived to the restaurant, she was very outspoken. However, she only asked me questions about myself. When I decided to ask, she barely had anything to say.

The Walk
I walk my dog every morning. This morning I had a terrible headache. I asked my son Simon if he could take the dog out. Simon put on his shoes and clipped the leash to the dog. Simon took the dog for a leisurely walk around the block.

Martin Takes a Walk
Martin realizes that he needs to get more exercise. He decides to have a walk around the block before he goes to bed. That night he sleeps more deeply than normal. He decides to take a walk every night before going to bed. Martin is very happy he is getting more exercise.

Signing up for facebook
My friends always asked me if I had a facebook account. I realized that I needed to sign up. I sat down at a computer and set up my account. I added my friends and put up a picture. Later, I was glad I had signed up.

The Loop
Gus attempted to tie his shoes. He gave a final pull and the laces did not get taunt. He looked at his work to understand what happened. Gus undid his laced and gave it another try. He pulled again and the laces got taunt.

The Fallen Tree
Stephen wanted to go outside but it was raining. He decided to watch a movie in his room instead. Suddenly, his power went out. He looked out his window and saw a tree had fallen down. It had hit electrical wires and sparks were flying everywhere.

Head Collision
When the teacher dismissed us for recess, tony ran quickly. She decided to go on top of the slides. Since her friends saw her, they dared her to jump. She tried to make a major leap from the slide. Her head got hit by a pole and her face landed on the ground.

Wake
Anette put on a wake for her grandmother. Her grandmother had passed away the previous week. Anette put together a playlist of her grandma's favorite songs. They were all upbeat rock & roll tunes. Anette cried as she danced.

Pool
Zoe loves to lay by the pool. She had just gotten a new swimsuit. She decided to go tan. When she got to the pool, she fell asleep. Zoe is now sunburned.

Physical
Lara was on her school's soccer team. But she was required to get a physical. Lara was afraid of going. But her mother forced her to go. Lara's physical was short and painless.

Anna Makes a Mess
On the way home from school, Anna stepped in a puddle. She came into her house but didn't take her shoes off. She walked across the kitchen and into the family room. Her mom found the wet footprints on the floor. Anna's mom made her clean up the wet footprints with a rag.

Boat
Ed wanted to go for a boat ride. He went down to the marina. There, he asked a captain to give him a ride. The captain agreed. Ed had a great time on his boat ride!

Move Around
Gina needed to get within eye shot of her crush Jamie. She wanted him to see her and maybe talk to her. As she began in that direction her friend Tami came over to her. She wondered where Gina was going. But Gina didn't want to tell Tami and seem like a silly little girl.

Bar
Two men went to a bar together. They were trying to find a pilot to take them to distant land. The men met an experienced rogue pilot in the bar. They agreed upon a sum of money and hired him. They all left the bar together and headed to the aircraft.

Psychic Powers!
Fin told everyone he had psychic powers. Everyone told him to go take Randi's million dollar challenge. Fin filled out the application, and took the test. When he couldn't do anything extraordinary, he blamed negative energy. What the Randi Foundation said in response is too rude to print here!

Work
I got up at 5:30 to get ready for work. I biked six miles through city streets to my job. Breakfast was a doughnut and coffee in the lobby of my building. I had to attend two meetings and write several reports. I left work at 6 PM and biked home in the night.

College
The first year of college was the fun. I wanted to stay in school forever. I need to decide what to do with my life soon. I want to get a job and start earning money. I'm excited to get out into the real world.

Final Shot
Tommy caught the past with only seconds left on the clock. The team was behind two points and he had to score or they would lose. He knew he didn't time to get in close so he took a shot at half court As the ball flew from his hands, the stadium was practically silent. The crowd cheered when the ball landed perfectly inside the net.

Game
Ken had just bought a new computer game. But he could not get it to work! So he called a smart friend over to help him install it. His friend got it figured out in no time. Soon the two boys were gaming together happily!

Lorraine Visits Her Brother
Lorraine hasn't seen her brother in two Year's. She decides it is finally time for a visit. Lorraine takes the long drive to Idaho where her brother lives. They have a reasonably pleasant visit. When the visit is over, Lorraine feels happy to be home.

The Cabin
Sam loved to go to the cabin. His family went there every summer. This summer when they arrived at the cabin. Sam seen there was a hole in the wall. He cut down a tree and fixed it.

Saved Money
Dan finds out his grandmother keeps her money under a mattress. He begs her to put it in the bank but she refuses. After months of pestering, she relents. Two weeks later her house is destroyed in a fire. She thanks Dan for saving her money.

New school day
Winter break ended and it was time to go back to school. Kelly was ready but quite disappointed. She knew vacation wouldn't last forever. The moment she woke up she didn't want to get up. The only positive was that she could see her friends.

Little League
Timmy's first day of little league went badly. He didn't even get to play. Being out in the sun made him sick. He threw up in the dugout. His friends all laughed at him until he cried.

Carol & Amethyst.
Carol went to the concert with her friend Amethyst. They snuck backstage together to get a look at Jack White. Jack White screamed and flung his guitar against the wall. It shattered into a million pieces. Amethyst picked up a piece and together the two girls ran away.

Wound
Jon was playing outside. He scraped his knee. He went inside to get help from his mom. His mom put a bandage on his knee. Then, she scolded him and grounded him for not being careful.

The popcorn.
Marco and his friends were watching a movie. Someone suggested that they make popcorn. Marco put a bag in the microwave. Then, he went back to hang out with his friends. Marco became distracted, and the popcorn burned on accident.

throwing rocks
Justin liked to throw rocks. He would throw rocks as far as he could. Justin broke his Mom's window with a rock. The punishment for the broken window was two weeks without television. Justin promised to never throw rocks again.

Jim's Coffee
Jim needed his morning cup of coffee to function. His morning routine had been set for fifteen Year's. One morning he opened the cupboard to find that he was out of coffee. This had never happened to Jim before. Jim went to work that day a groggy, under-caffeinated grump.

Hole in Tire
Frank had to get to a meeting. He rushed through traffic. All of a sudden his car started giving him a warning. He pulled over and realized there was a nail in his tire. He used a tire patching kit and drove to his meeting on time.

Long Walk Home
Only two buses went anywhere near Laura's street. She was not sure which one would be best. She decided to take the first one that came. It headed in the right direction but then turned around. Laura had to get off and walk two miles home.

Niagara Falls
My husband wanted to take a trip to Niagara Falls. We went in Dec. It was so cold. Niagara Falls was almost frozen over. It was a breathtaking experience and we want to visit again.

Last Time At Grandma's House
Gina was excited to be leaving Illinois and going back to Minnesota. The visit had been way too long. She hopped in the car and looked back at the house. It struck her they wouldn't be visiting this house anymore. She didn't realize she would never see the house again.

Pinwheel
Sally had a pinwheel playing outside. She would blow on it and it would spin. She could run around and make it spin also. But while she was running it flew out of her hands. Her dog Fido had it in his mouth before it landed on the ground.

The mysterious picture.
Emma woke up and noticed something on her window. It was a doodle of a pirate. She couldn't figure out who had put it there. She asked around and no one would claim it. Finally, her friend called and admitted that she had done it.

New kitten
Tina always wanted a kitten. She never had a pet before. Finally her parents said she could get one. Tina was excited. She finally picked one out.

Boss
My boss wanted me to work overtime. I refused. She said I would have to work overtime or pass up a promotion. In response, I told her to go jump off of a building. She fired me on the spot.

Valentine's Day
Tony and Marie have been dating for 5 years. So, he decided to take their relationship a step further. He took Mary out for a romantic dinner. Tony pulled out a little blue box. He proposed to his love on Valentine's Day.

Daily Walk
Ron's doctor told him that he needs to exercise an hour every day. Ron was reluctant to follow his doctor's advice. But he wanted to become healthier. Ron walked for an hour every day. And after a month, he noticed himself looking thinner.

One Sick Dog
My dog kept getting sick. I bought a supplement that promised to cure her. I put the supplement on her food. She ate the food, but threw it up. She was even sicker than before.

Embarrassing moment.
My Dad was driving my friend and I to school. Wasn't feeling too well, but was trying to tough it out. Eventually, I couldn't hold it any longer and I threw up. My Dad was covered in puke. My Dad started to curse and my friend was laughing.

A Cat for Mom
Laura's old cat had died when she was little. Laura's mom missed having a cat, and it was her mom's birthday. Laura's friend at school was moving, and had to give away her cat. Laura brought a carrier to school, brought the cat home, and hid it. That night, Laura surprised her mom with a cake and the new cat.

Caffeine
Andrew was very drowsy. He needed to go to work soon. Andrew went to the store and bought a very large coffee. He drank the coffee in one sitting. Now Andrew is very alert.

Unraveled
Penny couldn't wait to wear the new scarf her mom knitted. On the first cold day, she proudly wrapped the scarf around her neck. Penny headed out, unaware the end of the scarf stuck in the door. Penny entered school, expecting to hear compliments on her scarf. She looked down to see all that remained of it was a strand of yarn.

Rock Climbing
Last week I went rock climbing with my friend Matt. I was climbing well until we got to a certain route. I was unable to pass a certain boulder about eighty feet up. Matt was able to get passed it with ease. I decided I need to practice more so I can climb as well as Matt.

Awkward Astronomer
Phyllis was excited when an astrophysicist asked her out. Josh was successful, young, funny, smart and loyal. Josh invited Phyllis to go apple picking and bake a pie. Josh stuck to that plan and was too awkward to make a move. Phyllis went home and never returned his calls.

Slow Dance
Marco never asked a girl to a school dance. He was afraid because he didn't know how to slow dance. Eventually a girl asked him to go instead of him asking her. He went with her. And during the first slow dance he stepped on her toes and fell down.

Sick
Yesterday, Greg woke up feeling ill. He had a headache and felt nauseous. He went to the doctor to get it checked out. The doctor told him he had the flu. He spent the rest of the day resting to get better.

Finding help
Sam needed help to move a couch in his house. He made a flyer asking for a strong helper. He tacked it to every telephone pole around his house. The next day he got a call. The caller said he was strong and could help Sam.

Patience Is a Virtue
Sally decided to invest in Apple. She put a pretty considerable amount of money into that stock. Day after day, she would watch stock prices rise and fall. After a few years, she did not notice anything change. She recently pulled her stock out.

Color Fail
Beth decided to color her hair blonde at home. She read the instructions and thought she understood them. The box said to leave on for 2 minutes. Beth mistakenly thought it was 20 minutes. After 20 minutes Beth's hair was not blonde, but orange.

Lost Money
Jeff went to his boss to ask for his paycheck. The boss opened up the store safe and took it out. Jeff took the check and put it into his pocket. Later that day Jeff reached into his pocket to get his check. The check was nowhere to be found.

Night Injury
My dog dug a hole in our backyard. One night while I was walking, I fell in the hole. I tried to walk back to the house and couldn't. My husband drove me to the hospital. The doctor there said I had sprained my ankle.

Fast Squirrel
Jane saw a squirrel as she stood in her yard. The squirrel was busy gathering nuts for the winter. Jane thought she would try to catch the squirrel. Jane ran towards the squirrel and it was frightened! Jane learned that squirrels are fast.

Two Suits
Kevin needed to get a suit for an upcoming wedding. There was a deal on suits so he bought two. He decided to wear one out of the store. Once he drove home he realized he left his old clothes at the store. Kevin called the store and agreed to pick them up later.

The GYm
The other day I was at the gym A guy was using the weights. After he was done he didn't put them back. I asked him to do so and he agreed. He apologized and I thanked him for doing so.

Taurus
Patsy bought a new car to drive to work. It was a Ford Taurus. Her girlfriend said it was a lame car and she wouldn't ride in it. Patsy said she didn't mind. She made her girlfriend walk home herself.

shopping
Maria had to go grocery shopping. SHe went to SHoprite. She bought some eggs, veggies, and chicken. Her bill ended up to be close to $50. She was satisfied.

Boat Race
Leah rowed her boat every day. She decided to enter a race to show off her rowing skill. Instead of training for the race she relaxed at home. On the day of the race she was unprepared. Leah did not win the race because she was out of shape.

No Clean Clothes
Tammy hadn't done the laundry in weeks. She had run out of clean underwear. Rather than do laundry she turned her current pair inside out. She still went out that night. The next day she finally did her laundry.

The additions
Kay let her cat Vina play outside in the day. One day Vina looked as if she had put on weight. The vet informed Kay vina was pregnant. Vina gave birth to 5 little kittens who looked like her. Kay looked on as Vina lovingly tended her new babies.

Lesson
My wife and I were trying to teach our two-year-old to walk. He was able to stand but wouldn't move forward. All he would do was sway. My wife turned on the radio. We changed it to a dancing lesson.

Amnesia
I walked into the forest. After a couple of minutes, I forgot where my camp was located. For several hours, I tried to escape from the forest. I ended up moving in circles since the forest was huge. Around midnight, my friends found me.

A Horrible Surprise
The kids were home from college but their father was still at work. Their mother told them to go to his office and surprise him. Mom tried calling him just to make sure he was there. She never got an answer to her phone calls. The kids found him dead in his office.

Decorating
Ann wanted to decorate her tree for Christmas. She went to the store to buy decorations. Ann bought a set of ornaments for her tree. She carried the box inside and tripped. All of the ornaments broke.

Gym Nut
Johnny was trying to get into better shape but was anxious about it. He convinced his friend Jacob to go with him the first time. While at the gym Johnny ended up making friends and enjoying himself. Johnny quickly understood that everyone at the gym was there to help. Ever since, Johnny has been the first to offer new people assistance.

Hawaii
I dream of going to Hawaii. I would go to the fun lieus. I would get in a helicopter to view the mountains. Then, I would surf the huge waves. After all those things, I would wake up.

Crane Game
Willie was at a friend's birthday party at an arcade. He wanted to impress his girlfriend by winning her a prize. He put a dollar in the crane game. He was able to grab a little pink teddy bear. His girlfriend loved it!

Bath time
Rachael has a dog named Beau. Beaux does not like to take baths. Rachael decided it was time Beaux needed a bath. She had to drag him from his dog bed to the bathroom. Because he was not holding still, Rachael ended up getting a bath too.

Christmas
The kids were counting down the days until Christmas. They set out their stockings and went to sleep. Santa came down the chimney and left presents under the tree. He at the cookies that the kids left for him. The kids woke up and opened presents.

Broken GPS
I was invited to go to a family reunion by my mother. On the day of the reunion, I put the location of the event in my GPS. I then began to drive to the location. After several hours of not arriving, I looked at the GPS for problems. It turned out that I used the wrong address, and had to turn around.

Christmas Vacation
The Jones family decided to take a road trip this year for Christmas. Their first stop was in Georgia to see their uncle Frank. They stayed with him for a day before moving on to Tennessee. There, they saw their grandma and grandpa. They finished the trip in Virginia before heading home.

Lights Out
Michael was only eight years old when he first went camping. Him and his father went miles out into the woods and set up camp. They had a fire when it was dark but later they had to put it out He was still scared of the dark and didn't want his dad to do it. Michael was okay though because he had the stars to keep him company.

Karma Hurts
My class waited in the lunch line to get our lunches. Ross was impatient and decided to skip me. He also tried to skip another person in front of him. The other person became mad and punched Ross. His face ended up with a large bruise.

Video Game Night
I invited a bunch of my friends to play several games. They decided to bring their CDs and food. We went against each other in Super Mario Brothers. Afterwards, we decided to talk outside for a few minutes. They eventually left.

Getting the Job
John always wanted to be a cop. He did well during his training and was sure to get the job. During graduation he was excited to start working. John had an intense first day on the job. It was different than expected but motivating still.

Cheater
Cindy had a guy friend. He had a girlfriend but always wanted to hang out with her. Cindy started to have feelings for him. He was over one day and kissed Cindy. The guy never told his girlfriend he cheated.

Bad friendship
Felix wanted to go to disney world. One day he won two tickets for entry. He invited his friend Alissa. Alissa hated disney. He ended up going alone.

The Grocery Chore
Glen needed groceries but his car was at the mechanic's. He began to walk to the store when he felt very tired. He walked through the store and struggled getting his items. After checking out, Glen began the laborious long walk home. Glen finally made it home and rested for a long time.

Spiders
Melissa tried to move across a bush. She ran into a spider web. While she wasn't looking, a spider crawled on her hand. She felt it's legs and started to freak out. I took a book and tried to hit the spider.

turquoise
Ana was on a trip to visit Santa Fe. She was looking for a perfect souvenir for her mother. Then she saw a gorgeous turquoise necklace! She bought it right away and took it to her mom. Her mother examined it and said it was the loveliest necklace ever!

Late Fall
Larry was running late to church. He woke up late and had to drive slow because of the snow. When Larry arrived he rushed out his car. The parking lot was icy and Larry slipped and fell. He promised to get up on time for church from then on.

Grateful
Chris was in Paris during the evening of the terrorist attacks. He was greatly disturbed by the violence. Chris had to cancel all of his plans for the weekend and stay inside. Chris was initially upset about losing his vacation time. Then Chris realized how lucky he was and prayed for the victims.

Cranberry Soup
Jen was meeting her boyfriend's family on Thanksgiving. His mother asked her to bring cranberry sauce. That morning, she followed a recipe she had found online. Something went wrong and it was more like soup than sauce. The stores were closed so she had to take it to their house anyway.

Time to Purge the Closet
Sarah couldn't squeeze another hanger in her closet. She decided it was a good time to get rid of a lot of things. She got some free boxes from the liquor store in town. Everything she no longer needed got folded and placed in the boxes. When she was done, she donated everything and felt great.

The huge food line.
Jennifer was trying to get some lunch. She went into the cafeteria and saw a huge line. She went to the back, hoping it wouldn't take too long. After a long time, she made it to the front. Unfortunately, almost everything was already gone.

Andy's Fright
Andy was afraid of going to the doctor. One day he found a lump on his arm that didn't go away. Andy scheduled an appointment with a doctor. The doctor reassured him during his exam and made him feel comfortable When it turned out to be nothing serious, Andy was glad he had gone.

Dog Park
Bob's friend AJ told him the dog park was a good place to meet girls. On Saturday morning he drove his dog to the park. A few minutes after they were done playing, a pretty girl sat down. Bob's dog ran over to see her dog. Bob ended up on a date next weekend with the pretty girl.

A New Puppy
Joey always wanted a puppy of his very own. His parents told him when he turned 7 he could get one. On his 7th birthday, his parents took him to the animal shelter. He almost immediately fell in love with a furry black puppy. He got to take it home with him that very day.

An Adventurous Gift
Gwen could not decide what to give her brother for his birthday. He already had everything she could think of. But she knew he loved adventure and had always wanted to go skydiving. So she bought two tickets. And the two of them had the time of their lives together.

Disrupting girls trip
Alana was traveling with the the girls to the islands. She decided they were going to stay in a big house. To her surprise, her friend Jenny invited her husband. Alana was furious. It was supposed to be a girls trip and the husband wasn't welcome.

Springs
A man was traveling in Nicaragua. He decided to go there for a vacation. He traveled to the hot water springs. There, his skin got much better. He came back a new man.

Team
Laura wanted to play on the softball team. But she was nervous to try out, fearing rejection. Then her mom encouraged her to give it a shot. Reluctantly, Laura agreed. And she played so well, she made the team!

Fourth of July cookout
Every year on the Fourth of July my family and I go to the Cape. We always have a blast. This past summer we went and saw the fireworks. The colors were beautiful. We always have fun on that holiday.

The Coach
The coach decided to assign team workouts. Everyone had to be at the gym at 6am. When a team member was late, everyone had to run extra. The coach believed this taught responsibility. It only made the team mad.

Loud Parrot
Sue's parrot would not stop making noise. Sue tried everything to get it to be quiet. Sue's parrot kept her up all night. Eventually it began to calm down. Sue learned to feed her parrot to make it stop making noise.

New Job
Angela knew that she wanted a new job. She did not get along with her boss. Her work was boring and not challenging enough. Angela applied for many jobs. She interviewed for her dream job and eventually got it.

Bleached hair.
Taylor wanted to have blond hair. Her hair was dark so she had to bleach it first. She put the bleach in and let it sit. When it came out, she was horrified. Her hair was now greenish brown.

Learning Russian
I had never been interested in learning to speak Russian. However, I took a Russian literature class in college. The teacher persuaded me to take a beginner's class in Russian. I agreed to take the class. I loved it and spent the next year learning to speak it.

Trick Candles
Jill was celebrating her 6th birthday. Her big brother put candles on her cake. She blew and blew but they wouldn't go out. Her brother had put trick candles on her cake. She was afraid her birthday wish wouldn't come true!

Paint
Alex was asked to paint a picture to put up in gallery. She looked through books and magazines to find inspiration. Her inspiration came when she saw an image of a lonely tiger. She painted an image of a tiger's face. Her painting was well received by her peers.

Sue likes It
On the bus ride home Amy showed her older friend Sue her new watch. Sue told her the watch was super cool. Amy appreciated the feedback since she looked up to Sue. As Sue got off the bus she told Amy she was going to get one like it. Amy felt like the coolest kid on the bus.

cop
A cop was on his night shift. He was bored and decided to get some food. He went to a diner for a burger. He stayed there for an hour. By the time he left, his shift was over.

The cheater
Evan forget to study for his math test. He had a D and really needed to pass this test. Evan realized that he could see his classmate's paper. Evan copied her answers. Evan got an A on the test but his classmate was accused of cheating.

Rainy Day
It was a rainy day outside. Tim decided to stay inside. He made himself comfortable on his bed. He got out his favorite book and read for hours. When he was done reading, the sun began to shine outside.

Attention
Lisa was an older sister. Her younger siblings were a set of twins. Lisa hated having siblings that were twins. She always felt like the attention was always on them. Lisa's mother had to work hard to balance the attention given.

Too Much Perfume
Sarah had a date tonight at a restaurant. She carefully did her make-up and put on perfume. When she arrived at the restaurant everybody started coughing. Sarah had put on way too much perfume. Her date was nice enough to not mind her smell.

Library
We went to the Library to get a card. We looked throughout for a book to rent. My wife decided to pick a Steven King book. I grabbed a Harry Potter book. We were excited to get our new books home to read.

Arranging the place cards.
Daniel was setting up for Thanksgiving dinner. She needed to arrange place cards for everyone. At first she put her brother and uncle near each other. Then, her sister warned her that the two had been fighting. She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived.

The investment
Sal took out all his money from the bank. He gave it to a stock broker to invest. The broker put all the money in a risky stock. Two months later the stock doubled in price. Sal sold his shares and collected his money.

Wishing For A Cart
Gina was carrying three gallons of water in a handbasket. She had only intended to purchase one. But wanted to get extra for later. Now her arm was aching from the heavy basket. Gina walked as quickly as she could to get to the checkout.

Band
Lane played the drums and wanted to be in a band. Lane put an add in the paper advertising her skills. Lane waited for days and talked to a lot of different bands. Lane finally met with one that seemed like a good fit. Soon Lane was playing with the band and loving it.

The Confusion
Linda lived in Baltimore during the riots. She had her convenience store damaged by looters. Linda put on a mask and decided to be a vigilante. Instead, the protesters thought she was one of them. They lifted her above their shoulders and chanted her name.

Camping
Two best friends decided to go camping. They hiked way up on a hill and set up their tent. When night fell, they started to hear scary noises. They thought there was a bear outside their tent. When they checked, it was only a tree branch!

Windy Drive
Kim was driving home on a windy day. She was debating whether she should get on the highway or not. Kim got on the highway since she wanted to get home. The wind was high and hard on the highway. Kim's small compact car was being pushed about as she drove home.

Daddy's Love
Lilly had a nightmare that her Dad came home with a hole in his chest. She couldn't go back to sleep because it scared her so bad. The next morning she told her mom about the dream but mom laughed. She was embarrassed to tell her dad about how scared she was. Finally she told him and he just hugged her and told her he loved her.

Scary Prank
Jake wanted to scare his little brother. He decided to put on a scary mask. He would jump out of his bedroom window. Jake hid for awhile and jumped out at the perfect moment. His little brother was terrified.

zip line
We went to a nearby resort to try out their zip lining. It was pretty intense and you had to climb up into these trees. When you would get to one tree, you had to then swing to another. It was something very unique and special. I can't wait until we can go again.

Basketball
Jimmy practiced basketball every day. During a game, the coach put Jimmy in to play. A teammate passed Jimmy the ball. He dribbled the ball toward the goal and made a shot! He gave his teammate a high-five.

The ball at the store.
Danny was at the store with his mom. He saw a big bin of rubber balls, and got excited. He grabbed one and begged his mom to get it. She told him maybe and he carried the ball around with him. When they went to check out, she agreed to buy the ball.

Snatch
Jenna was playing with her sister's phone. However, the phone began to overheat. Her sister tried to get it back however, Jenna was fighting back. However, the phone was removed from her hand. She began to cry loudly.

Community Service
My teacher assigned our class a community service project. I wasn't sure how to approach the task. My Dad suggested asking a nearby food bank if they need volunteers. I called the food bank and made an appointment for orientation. I went to help sort donations and got an A on the project.

Sally's alarm
Sally woke up late because her alarm did not go off. She jumped out of bed and got dressed. Sally ran to the bus stop. She got there just as the bus was pulling away. Sally will make sure her alarm is set from now on.

Date night
Zack was excited by his upcoming date. He couldn't decide which restaurant he would take his date to. He asked his best friend for advice. His friend suggested they go to a new restaurant which just opened. He took his date there only to find out they only took reservations.

Tax Season
I just got my w2s in the mail. I'm about to start doing my taxes. I'm excited to get money back. It's frustrating and a bit annoying. But it's worth the effort in the end.

Hot Stove
It was a very hot day. But Eric's brother, Tom, decided to cook food. He put on the stove and fried eggs. But Eric was irritated when their house became hotter. Tom claimed that it wasn't that hot and kept cooking.

Callie
Callie was entering a beauty pageant. She hoped to win. She put a lot of work into her hair and makeup. She also had a beautiful dress. Callie looked so good, she won first prize!

Jury Duty
I got a letter in the mail. It was from the government. They said I had to go to jury duty. I decided to not go. I was fined hundreds of dollars and I regretted not going.

May I
Gina locked her key in her car at a gas station. She  needed her mother to bring her a spare key. She went into the station to use their phone. The lady behind the counter declined initially. Until Gina explained her car was blocking one of the gas pumps.

Slippery Slope
Kevin bought a new truck. It was snowing and he wanted to try his all wheel drive. He tried to go up a hill. He kept sliding regardless of what he tried. It was more ice than snow and too slippery even for his truck.

Last Day
Mike was on his last day working at a construction site. The boss let him drive the bulldozer around for fun. He wasn't paying attention and ran over his co-worker. Mike had to go to jail for manslaughter. He was able to adjust to prison life pretty quickly.

Rock
There was a little girl who owned a pet rock. She wanted to take it to school with her. She hid it in her backpack. She then showed all of her friends. Her teacher saw it and took it away forever.

Torn shoes.
I decided to buy new sketcher shoes at Academy. Didn't think about it too much because shoes didn't mean much to me. After one month the shoes started to fall apart. I was frustrated and at the time I couldn't afford new shoes. For almost a whole month I walked around with torn shoes.

Backstage
I was so excited to attend the rock concert last night. I left work early to be able to make it to the venue early. When I arrived, I saw the band getting out of their tour bus. The lead singer turned to me and said hello. We ended up talking and he invited me to sit backstage!

Bee Sting
I went to my backyard to ride on the swings. After several minutes, a bee flew in my direction. It landed on my ear and bit bee. I immediately jumped out of the swings and ran. My mom decided to clean the sting with some alcohol.

Missing Keys
We went to NYC to visit our granddaughter last year. Before we left we posed for a group photo. My wife took my keys off my neck. We left for Boston without them. My daughter mailed them back to us.

Mary rides the bus.
Mary needs to go to the store. She does not have a car and the store is too far to walk. Mary remembers that she has a bus ticket. Mary catches the bus before it leaves. Mary arrives at the store thanks to the bus.

Car Sick
When we were kids my brother would occasionally get car sick. This one time we were on a trip to see New Schwanstein. But before we got there my brother started to burp twice. After the third burp he threw up all the backseat. After that I thought when someone burps 3 time in a row they puke.

Family vacation
The smiths decided to go on vacation to the Grand Canyon. They had never been there before. They traveled there by car. When they got there they took a lot of pictures. The family had a lot of fun.

Getting Ice-cream
Jason craved an ice-cream cone. He decided to go to the ice-cream shop. He put on his shoes and started walking. Jason reached the ice-cream shop and ordered a chocolate cone. Jason enjoyed his ice-cream.

Coast Storm
Harvey and his family saved up money for a vacation. After a year of saving, Harvey made plans to go to the coast. Harvey and his family drove to their hotel location. When they arrived, the family was greeted by constant rain. It rained so hard, the family had to go home.

Larry Watches A Soccer Match
Larry has never been a big fan of sports. However, he realizes that watching sports might help him meet people. Larry decides to attend a local soccer match. He cheers along with other fans when the team scores. Although he doesn't make any new friends, he resolves to try again.

Waiting for the baby.
Sara's mom was about to have a baby. Things were taking a while and Sara was getting anxious. Her grandma decided to take her out to lunch. While they were eating, the baby was born. Sara and her grandmother rushed to the hospital to meet him.

Nurse Dreams
Wilma loved helping people. She always wanted to be a nurse. At the age of 45 Wilma decided to go back to college. She earned her nursing degree. Wilma was thrilled to be living her dreams as a nurse.

Peace Protest by the Cafe
Chris woke up early on Saturday morning. He decided to go for a stroll. Passing by a cafe he heard loud commotion. He looked over his shoulder and saw a large crowd. The large crowd was holding Peace posters.

The dirty uniform
My brother came home dirty from his football game. My mother told him to get a shower and bring her his clothes. She sprayed them down with some sort of laundry booster. Then put them in the wash. On his next game he had a clean uniform.

The broken tent.
Jordan and Alex were on a camping trip. She was trying to set up the tent. Then she realized that it was broken. She ran to the nearest Walmart. Then she bought them a new tent.

Monkey Bites
I used to work at a school A traveling zoo came one day to show their animals. I got to hold a baby monkey to show my students. The monkey became frightened and bit me. I had to go get a tetanus shot after that.

Funny Math
Kyle needed $300 more this month to pay his rent. He told his landlord that he'll paint the house in exchange for rent. Kyle went out to get paint and brushes at the hardware store. When he was done he realized that the supplies cost him $300. Now Kyle was right where he started.

City
Nick and Tom were best friends. They decided to drive into the city to watch a band perform. They had a great time listening to the band. They got lost on the way home, it took 2 hours to arrive at home. They laughed about it and enjoyed seeing their unique city.

Scary roller coaster.
I was in line to ride the Titan. I was only about 10 years old and waiting in line forever. The roller coaster height is about 300ft. It was my turn and I rode the roller coaster. The roller coaster ended up being disappointing and not scary at all.

Fixing the Hole
Reed set his tool box on the bench. He used a tape measure to size up the hole in the wall. He used a pencil to draw out the dimensions on a piece of drywall. The saw sprang to life in his hands as he cut out the piece. He secured the piece into the hole using glue.

Junk food flip
Kelly decided to take her favorite junk food items and redo them. She wanted to make them healthier. She took her favorite nacho dish and turned it into a vegetable dish. When it was done she loved it. She immediately told all her friends.

dental work
Ella went in for a root canal. Then the dentist said he could not help her yet. First she had to remove all her tongue rings. Ella had had them in for Years! They were very difficult to remove!

Too Late
The phone rang in the kitchen of Dave's house. He was in the basement when he heard it ring. He put down his work and ran up the stairs. By the time he got to the phone it stopped. Dave cursed loudly and punched the phone.

The Lottery
The jackpot was set at 10 billion dollars. Everyone at work bought tickets. When the drawing was held, all the tickets were compared. Only one ticket one. The winnings were split between all the workers.

Calling a store
Patrick and his family went to vacation in Fort Lauderdale. They decided to take a trip to the beach one day. The whole family was having fun playing in the ocean. Suddenly a swarm of jellyfish came and stung Patrick who got out! The lifeguards put vinegar on it and Patrick had to stay out of water.

Catching a Taxi
Tom was running late for work. He needed to catch a taxi right away. One pulled up in between him and another person. He asked the other guy if he could take it. The other guy agreed and Tom was thankful.

A pair of shoes
Ron lived in a homeless shelter. He lived with his mother there. He need to go to school that fall. His mother said you need new shoes. Ron knew his mom had no money he was sad.

My Scar.
One night my mother asked my brother to take out the trash. I wanted to help so I grabbed it. No one told me there was broken glass in there. The glass cut my leg. I needed 13 Stitches that night.

Tim's Close Call
Tim was feeling a bit tired. He decided to take a quick nap. When he woke up, he found smoke coming from his room. He had left a candle burning while he was sleeping. He quickly extinguished the small fire before it could spread.

Art Fool
A great artist came to the town fair and set up shop. A local art critic saw his work and told him he was the best. The artist smiled and thanked him. The artist told him all his works were 23 cents. The critic bought everything because it was such steal!

Overslept
Ken needed to get up early for a test. He set his alarm for seven in the morning. But then he woke up at noon! He checked his alarm. It had gone off - but he had not heard it!

Target Practice
The instructor gave Lina an arrow. He told her to take the first shot and she did. The arrow missed the target and landed on the ground. Eventually, she tried out a new technique. As soon as she shot the arrow, the arrow landed on the target.

What a shame
Foxy want potato chips. She asked her boyfriend matt to go out to get some. He got into his car. While starting the car, his engine broke down. Foxy never got her potato chips.

Falling Down
Some friends and I were drinking in the yard. After a while my girlfriend came by and shouted at us. She told me to come inside but I chose to stay and drink. Very early the next morning she banged pans over my head. I still cringe thinking about the mistake that got me such a headache.

Broken Back
Dan was trying to show off to his girlfriend. He decided to pick her up and carry her. While trying to he hurt his back. He was unable to get back up. It turned out to be badly broken.

Tired Kim
Kim was tired of studying. And she felt angry about all of the homework she had. She could afford to take a break. So she watched her favorite movie. But she could not enjoy it.

Beach disaster
Betty couldn't wait for her beach vacation. She bought a new swimsuit and sandals. When the day of her trip arrived, a hurricane blew through. The beach was wrecked and strewn with debris. Betty's vacation was ruined.

A Bad Day
On the way to work, my car died I called in to let them know, and no one answered. It took the tow truck over 90 minutes to get there. I tried calling work several times over the 90 minutes, and nothing. When I got into work, they gave me trouble.

Going Skiing
Ron had never been skiing. His brother Eric decided he would take him for his first time. They arrived at the mountain  to see the beginners hill had closed. There was no way they were going to leave without skiing. Eric and Ron then managed to successfully ski down the masters slope.

Third base
My team has yet to win a game this season. I've been at third base for the past two weeks. Getting to field means i get to bat, which is a nice change. In the bottom of the ninth it was all tied up. I was last in the rotation with two on base when i hit the home run.

The Cat
Robin found a stray cat on her street. She decided to take the cat in. When she took the cat inside, she gave him some tuna. The cat ate quickly. Robin named the cat Mittens.

Simon's Soup
Simon went shopping for the freshest ingredients he could find. After selecting them, he put them into a large pot. He brought the pot to a boil and started to cook. Simon invited all of his friends over to try the soup. As he was moving the soup to the table, he tripped and spilled it!

bus
Tom needed to take the bus to his job He was running late. the bus ended up coming early. he got on the bus He arrived on time

The Suitcase
Joe was waiting at the baggage claim for his suitcase. He picked up a suitcase that he thought was his. At the hotel he opened it to get some clothes out. The suitcase was full of money and not clothes. Joe counted the money and got very excited.

Jed Takes a Walk
One day, a man named jed was feeling lonely. He decided it would be a good time to take a walk. Jed decided that he would walk to the park. When he got to the park, it was very crowded. Jed walked back home and went to bed.

The late gifts.
Tabitha had ordered a lot of stuff for Christmas. Unfortunately, not all of it made it on time. Several of her gifts were scheduled to arrive after Christmas. She decided to just postpone her celebration until after the holiday. When everything arrived, she opened her gifts.

Bryan and the lemons
Bryan was thirsty while eating his lunch. Bryan had a lemon tree outside, so he went out to get some. He picked 10 lemons and brought them inside. He washed them and squeezed them into a pitcher. He made lemonade and continued eating his lunch.

Highschool
Enid was graduating soon. She was nervous about what to do after graduation. She wanted to go to college. She talked to a counselor about her future. She was not so stressed out about graduating now.

Never too old for fun
Roger was 80 years old. Even though he was old, he still rock climbed. He decided to go with his grandkids. His grandkids agreed. They all had a blast.

Muscles
Chad has been lifting weights for years. He decided he wants to enter a bodybuilding show. He finds a show in Vegas and enters. Chad invites his friends to come watch him in the show. Chad flexes his muscles on stage.

Becoming Best Friends
Abby was always annoyed by the family dog. He chewed up one of her toys and got very sick. Abby had to take care of him while her parents were at work. She cuddled with him on the couch while he recovered. Now that he's no longer sick they play together every day.

Cindy Cried Wolf
Cindy never did homework and blamed her dog for eating it. One day her teacher said everyone who did homework would get candy. She went home and made sure she did her best job on it. When she went to the bathroom, her dog came by and ate her papers. The teacher did not believe her and Cindy didn't get any candy.

Black Belt
Jimmy had been training for karate. He really wanted to get his black belt. He practiced his moves everyday. He demonstrated his training to his instructor. His instructor awarded him with a black belt for his hard work.

Hot buns
One day, I decided to make buttered buns. I got the buns, buttered them and put them in the oven. I started baking them and began to clean the house. As I was cleaning, the buns caught in fire! I put out the fire and vowed never to make hot buns again.

Defective Battery
Jim ordered the new iphone on release date. He was excited to open the package when it came in the mail. To his surprise, the iphone did not turn on. Jim sent it back to Apple because it had a defective battery. Jim got a new iphone in the mail the next day.

Hiking
Ronald went hiking with his dog this weekend. Ronald was a bit nervous because his dog has run off once. He kept an eye on him most of the time. Ronald ignored him for one minute and he was gone. Ronald spent the rest of the day looking for his dog.

Lost
Henry was driving to his reunion party. He put the address of the place into his GPS. After several minutes, the GPS told him that he arrived. When Jon looked outside, nobody was here. He realized that he entered the wrong address.

New Winter Tires
It was getting cold outside and starting to snow. Brad needed to get new tires on his car to be safe in winter. He had saved up for months for this event. He went to his mechanic and was able to get them installed. Brad was happy as he felt reassured about driving in the upcoming days

flight
Mark had a 9am flight to Chicago. He woke up late and hit traffic, it was 8:50 when he got to the gate. He had to wait in a very long line and he was sure to miss his flight. Just then, they announced that the plane to Chicago was delayed. Mark got lucky and felt relief because he had time to make his flight!

Felipe Eats Curry
Felipe had never eaten a traditional Indian curry. One day his coworkers take him to a local Indian restaurant to try it. Felipe is surprised that the curry is so spicy and delicious. He wishes that he had tried curry long before. Now Indian curry is one of Felipe's favorite foods.

Science Fair
Carl had been looking forward to his 2nd grade science fair. He thought for a long time about what kind of project to do. In the end, he decided to go with an old classic and make a volcano. He took great care in making the volcano, and was proud to set it off. Carl didn't win, but he didn't care - his explosion was spectacular!

Priorities
Zach didn't think he did very well on the test. Zach hadn't really studied for it. He had too many TV shows to catch up on on Netflix. All week, he watched these videos instead of studying. Zach scored 72% on the test.

Rude service
Yesterday Kelly went out to eat. She decided to go to her favorite restaurant. Yet to her dismay, the service was terrible. Kelly was upset. She did not leave a tip and never wanted to return.

Vacation
The old man was tired of work and wanted to go on vacation. The old man looked at a map and picked a destination. The old man went on vacation to his destination. The old man was lonely on his vacation. The old man realized that home was the best place.

Anxiety
I was afraid of things that are not scary. My fear made my life hard. I couldn't leave my own house. My sister convinced me to see a doctor. I feel better now that I am medicated.

Dropped Food
I was very hungry one day and went to my kitchen to get food. I opened my cabinet and found a package of cookies. I went to another cabinet and grabbed a plate for the cookies. When I opened the cookies' package, I dropped the food everywhere. I picked the cookies up, put them on my plate, and ate them anyway.

New Cabinets
Today I decided to put new cabinets in my kitchen. I tore out all of the old cabinets without a problem. I was installing the new cabinets when I ran into a problem. I had not measured the cabinets correctly. I buy some new cabinets and now I am waiting for them to come in.

Tabitha Finds a Pregnant Cat
It was a chilly fall afternoon. Tabatha was raking the leaves in her front yard. She found a pregnant cat laying in a pile of leaves. She took the cat to her home to take care of it. The cat gave birth to 3 healthy kittens at her house.

The barbecue
Wilfred wanted to throw a BBQ for all of his friends and neighbors. He went to the store to buy the meat. Two of his friends helped with the preparations. On the day of the barbecue everything was going well until it rained. The barbecue continued inside the house and everyone had fun.

The bike tip.
George was walking past a row of parked bikes. Suddenly, he bumped one of the back tires. This caused all of the bikes to go falling over. He looked around and saw that no one had seen. Quickly, he fled from the seen.

Storm Shelter
Keesha and her family lived in Kansas. It was a quiet evening when the weather alert began to go off. The local tornado sirens began to sound loudly. Keesha and her family all ran to their storm shelter. They stayed in there until the sirens were quiet again.

Hooray for vacations
Jim had a week off from work. He decided to go on a short vacation. Jim decided to go to California because of the weather. It rained when he arrived. Jim felt disappointed by his choice.

Grocery Shopping
Ana decided to take her toddler daughter to the grocery store. She put her daughter in the seat portion of the cart. Her daughter reached behind herself to throw items out of the cart. She screamed when Ana stopped to look at an item. Ana resolved never to take her child to the store again.

The First Date
Grace had been talking to Joe online for a few months. They finally set up a first date. She ordered a drink to calm herself before Joe arrived. Grace got nervous when Joe still hadn't shown after fifteen minutes. Just as she was feeling foolish Joe walked in sweaty but smiling.

Insult Reciprocated
Henry called Jeff ugly and pushed him into the trash. Jeff wasn't happy and decided to run away. After he got home, he decided to clean himself up. The next day, he purposely tripped Henry while he was walking. He also called Henry ugly since his face landed on the ground.

Kick
Henry bent down to pick up a piece of paper on the floor. Hannah quietly approach Henry. She managed to kick him on his but. He ended up tumbling on the ground. Hannah aggressively laughed.

Kat's Marathon
Kat was fifty pounds overweight. She was very unhappy with how she looked and felt. One day, Kat read about a marathon that would take place next year. She hired a trainer and began eating right. The next year, she ran the marathon and finished it.

Open Mic
Paul was nervous, but excited. He had never played in front of a crowd before. Paul knew an open mic was good chance to get over his nerves. He got up and began to play. The people loved his music and he felt very happy.

Two in One
My friend and I decided to go to school to review for a test. Before we started, she wanted to get a drink from the vending machine. When she put her dollar in, she entered a number in. A Coca-Cola bottle came out. However, another bottle surprisingly came out.

Wrong Person In Charge.
When Alex's parents go away for the weekend they put him in charge. Alex sees a great opportunity with a convention in town. He puts an ad in craigslist renting out the rooms. When his parents come home early they are furious. They ground Alex for six months.

Give It Back To Me
Gina was chasing a boy around the class to get her pencil back. But he was too fast for her. Her friend Tami joined in the chase. The two girls were no match for the thin tall boy. Gina realized they needed to come up with a plan to catch the boy.

Millionth customer
Jared was hungry one day while on a walk. He saw a local ice cream shop and decided to walk in. Jared walked into the line and waited to order. When Jared finally placed an order, confetti filled the room. The manager told Jared that he won a random large cash prize.

Fishing for Food
Eric was not a good fisherman. He would fish for days and get nothing at all. Then he got a new lure at the bait shop. He tried it out for the first time. He ended up with 10 fish by the end of the day.

Getting fit
I made a New Year's Resolution to get in shape. I purchased a gym membership. I bought new workout clothes to look good while exercising. My first day at the gym was exhausting. I don't know how long I will keep my resolution.

New Dog
As a child I jumped up and down. The time had come for our family to get a new dog. They were all different shapes and sizes. I couldn't pick which one I wanted so I just kept picking up new dogs. My brother though was stuck on one, and she became Lady.

Smoke
Jen was concerned about her mother's smoking. She respectfully approached the subject with her mom. Jen tearfully explained she was worried her mom would get cancer. Her mom bought some nicotine gum and tried to quit smoking. She succeeded and now Jen's not worried about her mom getting cancer.

Grandma's Jars
Joan's grandma had to go to a nursing home. Joan went to help clean out the grandma's old house. She came across a shelf full of dusty jars with vegetables inside. Joan saw the dates were very old so the vegetables were spoiled. She packed the jars, dusted them, and put them on a shelf at home.

Distraction
James just put a piece of fish in his oven. But one of his friends asked him to play an online game. James accepted and quickly became absorbed in the game. He decided to take a bathroom break but smelled something burning. He opened his oven and saw a black piece of fish.

Car
Amanda was in the market for a car. Amanda needed to decide if she should get a new or used car. Amanda did a price comparison for a new car and used car. In looking at the prices, Amanda decided to buy a new car. Amanda was happy with her decision to buy a new car.

Struggles of having No Vehicle
My friends invited me to go to the beach. I told them I needed a ride since I have no car. They said that they couldn't get me since they live too far. Therefore, I stayed home. I became sad after looking at the beach pictures on social media.

Getaway Driver
Smokey lived alone in a small apartment and could barely pay her rent. She decided to get a better job but she needed transportation. A local church decided to buy her a used car as a gift. Smokey took the car, packed her apartment, loaded it up and left. No one has heard from her since.

Santiago
Neil had hiked the whole Camino in Spain. He had just arrived in Santiago de Compostela. Next, it was time to visit the church! Neil visited the holy spot of the ancient pilgrims. He blessed himself and prayed to God for a safe trip!

Helping Out
I stopped at the stop light by the road intersection. There was an old man selling a set of fruits. No one bothered to buy it and ended up closing their windows. Although I didn't want the fruits, I just decided to buy it. Before moving, he thanked me.

The Big Test
Elizabeth has a big exam tomorrow morning. When she wakes up, she realizes she forgot to set her alarm! With ten minutes to spare, she skips breakfast and runs to school. She arrives just on time and aces the test. From then on, Elizabeth made sure to always set her alarm.

Lost Cat
Ron could not sleep because he heard a whining cat in his backyard. He looked outside and wanted to shoo it away. But he felt sorry and decided to take the cat inside. The next morning, he saw sign for a lost cat, including a reward. Ron was glad he had sympathy for cat the previous night.

Files for Days
The new secretary pretended to actually files things but lied. She just put files in the file cabinet at random. Her boss asked her to retrieve a very important file. She spent all day trying to find it. She found it in the recycling bin at last.

Summer School
Billy got his end of the year report card. He got an F in math. His parents made him go to summer school. Billy was not happy about this. He determined it was the worst summer ever!

Commitment
Walking to work wasn't so bad Larry decided. He packed his work shirt into a light backpack. He put on a tee-shirt and slung the backpack over his shoulder. Outside in the heat of the morning Larry began to regret his decision. Finding his rhythm was easy, tho and he decided to commit to walking.

My Boss
I work in a store. Today my boss called me into his office. I thought I was going to get in trouble for calling out sick last week Instead I was offered a promotion and a raise. I'm looking forward to my new work responsibilities.

Blue Jay
I filled up the bird feeder in the yard. Many birds flew toward it to get some seeds. I noticed a beautiful blue jay. It quickly flew over to the feeder. Then back to it's nest with it's mouth full of food.

Rag Doll
Sue went to visit her grandma in a nursing home. The old woman no longer recognized Sue. During their visit, the grandma clutched a threadworn rag doll. Sue kissed her grandma goodbye for the last time. When she heard her grandma died, Sue asked for the rag doll.

Tournament Chess
I attended only one chess tournament in my life. I went to a speed chess tournament in the Boston area. The games were set a 5 minutes each. I managed to beat some good players but lost to others. I enjoyed the tournament but could not attend others due to health.

Quentin Goes Grocery Shopping
Quentin realizes he has very little food left at home. He decides to go to the grocery store. He fights Sunday morning traffic to get to the store. At the grocery store he buys fruit, vegetables, and meat. Quentin is happy that he has food at home now.

Lucky Fan
Bob was at a music concert. He bought a poster for his favorite band. At the end of the show, he saw the lead guitarist. Bob asked for an autograph. The lead guitarist sighed his poster and gave him his guitar.

chocolate
Our grade school made us sell chocolate bars. We would go around selling them to neighbors. I would sometimes buy them for myself as well. I loved how good they were and the different kinds It was something I always looked forward to.

Dog Park
I wanted to take my dog to a dog park today. I was afraid of how she would act around all the other dogs there. We got in the car and headed down there. She immediately ran around and played with the other dogs. I cannot wait to take her back to the dog park.

Bryan and the dogs
Bryan was trying to do his homework, but his dogs were barking. His dogs were hungry and they had no food. Bryan was forced to go out and buy food. Bryan bought food in bulk for his dogs. The dogs were happy and let Brian do his work.

Never Trust a Cat
Eddie put a container of milk on the counter. He walked to the pantry to get some cereal. He heard a big thump. When he turned, he found his cat had knocked over the carton. She was licking up the milk that had spilled everywhere.

Zinc Oxide
My doctor said my zinc levels were low. He told me to take zinc supplements. I took zinc supplements for three months but they had no effect. It turns out that I was taking zinc oxide which is not absorbed well. I switched to zinc citrate which increased my zinc levels quite a bit!

Skin Cancer
Sandy loved tanning. She would go twice every month. She kept getting more brown. Eventually her doctor noticed an abnormality. She had gotten the first stages of skin cancer.

Rock Adventure
Tito and Marge went on a trip to find valuable rocks. They hiked up a mountain to get to the rare mineral deposit. They filled their bags with the rocks. Their bags were so full that they couldn't make it down the mountain. After emptying their bags almost all the way, they made it home.

John's Camping Trip
John wanted to go wilderness camping. He packed a sleeping bag and some food in his car. John drove a long distance to get away from civilization. He set up his bedroll and lit a campfire. John roasted marshmallows and slept under the stars.

Sick
Nelle was supposed to babysit her nephew. But then her aunt called and said the little boy was sick. Nelle decided not to go and babysit after all. She did not want to get sick herself! Nelle's aunt was unhappy, but she understood Nelle's concern.

Prom Date
Lucy was nervous about the Prom because she didn't have a date. She really wanted to go with Brian so she decided she would ask him. But before she got the chance he asked someone else to go with him. Lucy was disappointed but not heartbroken. She decided to go to the Prom with her friends and have fun anyways.

Pedicure
The girls decided to go get pedicures. They told their husbands bye and went to the spa. While there, they had champagne. Each girl chose their polish color. Their pedicure very relaxing.

Jack's Very Sad Birthday
Today is Jack's birthday! Jack's mom planned to make chocolate cake, his favorite! She had to go to the store to buy a cake mix, since she was all out! On her way to the store, she had a car accident. Now Jack's mom is in the hospital and he doesn't have cake.

Lie
Heather stole Ryan's phone. Ryan tried to look for it everywhere. Ryan asked Heather did she take it and Heather denied taking it. Heather walked away and the phone fell out her pocket. Ryan snatched his phone back and reported Heather to administration.

Camel Ride
Neil was about to leave India. He did not want to leave without fulfilling a lifelong dream. His dream was to ride a camel! Neil's guide helped him book a camel trip. Neil was thrilled by his camel ride through the desert!

Diamond Ring
Bob wanted to buy a diamond ring for his girlfriend. But, he was poor. Bob decided to get a second job to save up the money. After a few months, he had enough money. He bought the diamond ring for his girlfriend.

Dana Ran Five Miles
I've set a goal to lose thirty pounds by the end of June. Running has always been a great way for me to get in shape. I've been running lately but only about 2 miles. Today, even though I knew it would be hard, I ran 5 miles. When I finished, I was exhausted but I felt wonderful.

Mountain Hike
The other day I was hiking in the mountains. As I was walking, I saw a bear. It began to walk towards me. I took off my jacket and started yelling. The bear turned around and ran away.

Kitty
My sister-in-law Martha has to mind her daughter's cat. Her daughter's place is being sprayed for roaches. The cat, named Kitty, will stay at Martha's apartment. Martha is not very fond of cats. Martha is not looking forward to minding Kitty.

The Kitten
I always wanted a pet. I finally decided to get one. I went to the pet store. I saw a pretty kitten. I decided to buy the kitten!

The Find
Gina was hiking in the woods. She tripped and landed on her stomach. As she started to get up, she noticed a rock that looked strange. She was shocked to find that this rock was a fossil. Gina took the rock home and displayed it on her mantle.

The Bike Ride
Dana always wanted to ride a bike. She never learned how growing up. Her boyfriend agreed to teach her. Dana was a quick learner. They were riding around together within minutes.

The Old Man
Sally saw her neighbor outside standing by a tree in his yard. He was an old man and Sally knew he didn't have many friends. Sally went over to visit with him and they talked for hours. The old man thanked Sally for a nice visit and they parted ways. Sally never saw the old man again and found out he had passed away.

The Flick of the Wrist
In a tie basketball game, Nate knew he needed to win it. He dashed up the court, calling for the basketball. The pass was received and Nate focused in on the shot. He flicked his wrist and the ball went in! Nate won the game for his team and celebrated with beer.

Trip to Santa Barbara
Kourtney was pregnant with her baby and about to be married. She decided to go on a girls trip with her sisters to celebrate. However on the trip there was tension. Kourtney wasn't up for anything strenuous. Her sisters then got upset because they were bored.

Prom
The school was having a senior prom. My boyfriend asked me to go with him to the prom. I bought a dress and high heels. My dress was blue with sparkles. My boyfriend loved my dress.

Drone
My friend Tony bought a drone. It cost $1900. He uses it to take scenic photos. Once he posted a FB photo close to the airport. The airport asked him to take it down.

Billy's Broken Arm.
Billy always had a way with exaggerating. To him a scrape needed stitches and a bruise was a break. Every day he would run inside to tell his mom to call the ambulance. When Billy was playing on the swing today he fell on the concrete. Nobody came to check or see, but Billy's poor arm hung by a string.

New Laptop
I had been wanting a new laptop for a while. I finally decided to buy myself one online. On the day it was to arrive my girlfriend gave me a gift. It was the new laptop she knew I wanted. I happily returned the one I bought and thanked her.

The Spirit Of Thanksgiving
The Trumps volunteered to house a young refugee girl. She was very grateful for a safe place to stay. The Trump family were adamant the girl have a special blanket. It had been passed down generation after generation. The girl contracted smallpox from the blanket and died.

A Rush
Amy and her friends were on a high. They had been at the park with boys after dark. Lynn was on a high because she didn't get caught. Amy was buzzing because a boy named Ben had kissed her. They sat on the bed exchanging stories from their night.

My Dog Likes Broccoli
Billy was stuck at the table again. He wasn't allowed to get up until he ate his broccoli. He kept hoping the dog would come in the dining room. She did like broccoli. His mother knew that so she had put the dog outside!

foundation
We decided to work with a builder for a new house. We picked out plans and agreed on a contract. We waited to make sure the weather would hold out. It has been a mild spring so they were able to still dig. We now have our foundation done on our new house!

Problems
As the friends boarded flight to Australia, they felt strange. Their escape had been entirely too easy. Matt shrugged it off and thought nothing of it. Shane was calm but still uneasy. They were being followed and neither recognized it.

Heavy Snow
Joe is a tractor-trailer driver in the Northeast. He had to drive after a huge snowstorm. He could not get to the top of the trailer to remove snow. Regardless, he decided to try driving down a busy highway. The trailer collapsed from the weight of snow.

Down by the River
Thad always loved going places with his dad, especially the river. They would go fishing and sometimes swimming. One day they went down to the river. Thad's dad brought the fishing poles. Thad caught the biggest fish he'd ever seen that day!

Scholarship
Amy was a hardworking student. She really wanted to go to college but her parents were poor. She applied to her favorite college online. She received a reply a few weeks later saying she got accepted. She received a full ride to the school for having outstanding grades.

Energized
Molly was lacking energy. She was feeling really run down. Her doctor told her to work out. She joined a gym. The workouts made her feel energized!

The Wise Philosopher
Once there was a philosopher who was seeking new wisdom. The man decided the best way to think was to go into the woods alone. He spent five years alone in the wilderness and wrote many novels. His novels were published upon his return and he was called a genius. He donated all his money back to charity and everyone was happy.

Who Are You Sleeping With?
Main worries about her daughter and boyfriend sleeping in the same bed. This morning Mai banged on her daughter's door to wake them up. Mai's daughter said to go away, they were getting up. Mai waited by the door and insisted they get up now. But Mai found her daughter with their tenant when the door opened.

Evening Kayak Ride
One warm Summer night, Sue and Renee went for a kayak ride on the lake To the West, the sun was setting with vibrant colors of pink and gold. To the East, they could see the moon rising. They floated into the path of the setting sun on the water. It was a beautiful way to spend the evening.

My Little Pony
My family went horse riding on our vacation. I was too small to ride the big horses. I rode a pony named Dash. Dash got his name because he was faster than the bigger horses. Me and Dash got to the end of the trail before anyone else.

Bubble Bath
Susie loves to take a bubble bath. She fills the tub up with hot water. Then she adds her favorite bubbles. She usually falls asleep in the bathtub when she does this. Her bubble bath relaxes her and helps her sleep.

Lucky Dog
Bonnie carved the Thanksgiving turkey. She put the meat on a platter but left the carcass on the counter. She took the platter into the dining room. When she returned to the kitchen, the turkey was gone. She found her dog laying in his bed chewing on it!

Dinner Date
Last Thursday my wife and I had a free night. We decided to go out for dinner. After a nice meal we realized neither had money. We decided to just dine and ditch. It was thrilling and we got away with it.

The zoo baby.
The local zoo had a panda. The panda had just had a little baby. Mari wanted to go see the baby panda. She took her children that very day. They all loved the baby panda.

The hot dog contest.
Mark was looking for some extra cash. He noticed a flier for a hot-dog eating contest. He decided to enter and spent all week practicing. The contest began and he was doing really well. Unfortunately, he threw up and was disqualified.

Mosh pit
I love death metal concerts. One night I convinced my boyfriend to go with me. He had never been to a death metal concert before. He went into the mosh pit and was knocked down by a girl! He was fine but tore his pants.

Rash
Jim noticed a small rash on his ear. It was itching and causing him some discomfort. Jim put some lotion on the rash. It immediately stopped feeling itchy. Jim was relieved and stopped thinking about his rash.

Finally Inside
Gin's climbed through a window to get into her house. She opened the door and let her siblings in. They were relieved to be inside. Her little sister ran to the first floor bathroom. Her brothers raced each other to the one in the basement.

Hiking
Larry loved to go hiking. He looks for pretty birds. Today he saw a coyote on the trail. He was very still as the coyote passed. He was very glad when the coyote was gone.

Far Away from Home
A New England family went out to Florida for vacation. Hoping to get away from the cold, they marveled at warm temperatures. The car left Tallahassee and the family worked their way to the keys. They made stops along the way, such as Orlando to enjoy the sights. Eventually, the made their way to their destination on Key Largo.

Try Again
Sade was a middle school student who wanted to get more involved. She decided to try out for the volleyball team but she failed. She was sad but she didn't give up. Sade next tried out for the dance team and band. She is now in the advanced band and lead on the dance team.

Survival
Dean was asked by his mother to go buy her cigarettes. He was approached by two young men outside of the store. The two men attacked Dean, and stole his money. Dean went back home to explain to his mother what had happened. His mother gave him brass knuckles to use next time.

Lasix
My friend Harry takes Lasix for his heart. He is 98 and has poor short term memory. I was visiting him when his daughter said to take a pill. He did not take the pill yet. Later he called me to ask if he had taken his pill.

Jim's Grandmother
Jim's grandmother needed him to take her to the doctor. Jim had to take time off from work to do so. His boss told him that he couldn't or risk termination. Jim's grandmother called his boss to complain. After careful consideration, his boss decided to allow Jim's time-off.

Asked out.
Sadie was at lunch with her friends. Suddenly, a boy approached their table. He asked Sadie if she wanted to go out on a date. Her friends giggled and waited for her response. Sadie decided to say yes.

Trail Troubles
Sarah loves to go hiking. She explores uncharted trails. She accidentally walked into some poison sumac. Immediately, Sarah ran out of the wood lot. She made it to the pharmacy in time to apply some rash ointment.

Video Game Master
Dan loves video games. So he enters a local gaming competition. He wins first place in the competition. Dan starts competing in video game tournaments nationally. Dan becomes one of the best players in the world and earns millions.

Lucy at the Mall
Lucy woke up in the morning and wanted to go out. Lucy called Stacy, and Stacy suggested they go to the mall. Stacy met Lucy at the mall entrance. Lucy wanted to go to the food court, but Stacy wanted to shop. They decided to shop first, and then they got some pizza.

Bike Race
There is a big bike race across Iowa. Sam and his friends decide to participate. The bike ride is very tiring and Sam was not prepared. He ends up partying more than bike riding. Sam is sore for months after the bike ride.

Dan Skips Starbucks
Dan had been writing in Starbucks for the past few days. He notices that he spends a lot of money on coffee. Dan decides to stay at home to write. Although he is more lonely, he saves more money. Dan is glad that he is saving money by skipping Starbucks.

Teamwork
Gerald was a great basketball player. He could score lots of points and pass very well. In the championship game Gerald couldn't score enough points. The rest of his team worked very hard to help Gerald. Together they won the championship game!

A Frog
The lawn had to be mowed, so I went out to work. When I started on the grass, I noticed a frog. I had to stop the lawnmower and catch it. I released the frog into the stream by my house. The lawn was finished without frog casualties.

Library
Stan's class is going on a field trip. They walk to a nearby library. The librarian reads the kids several books. The kids get a chance to pick out their own book. Stan had so much fun on the field trip.

Party
Janet decided to go to her high school's party. When she walked in, she felt awkward. Since everyone wasn't familiar with each other, they barely talked. Janet moved near the food section. She sat there all day.

Dog Park
Devin decided to take his dog, Kevin, to the dog park one afternoon. Kevin was very excited to see other dogs. But the other dogs did not seem interested in Kevin. Kevin attacked one of the dogs in frustration. Devin and Kevin were banned from the dog park for a year.

Double Decker
Amy was in London for a week. She always wanted to ride upstairs on a double decker bus. She excitedly boarded and went up to the mostly empty second floor. She hadn't anticipated the weather to being cool. She ended up having to sit inside the bus.

cake
My sister is going to have a baby. She went to the doctor to find out if the baby is a boy or a girl. The doctor wrote it on a piece of paper to give to the baker. When we cut the cake, the inside was pink. It's a girl!

The Snow Plower
Ally woke up to a surprise. Her long driveway was covered in two feet of snow. She couldn't drive her car over it to go to work. She called a plowing service but there were none available. Ally had to call out of work that day.

Plane ticket
A girl was in line to ride a plane. The girl walked up to the checkout counter. She reached into her pockets. However she couldn't find her plane ticket anywhere. Luckily she could use her phone as a ticket too.

The Haircut
Wyatt's hair was getting much too long. His mom decided to give him a haircut herself. She gathered all the necessary supplies and chopped away. He ended up with really short patches. She decided to go to a professional next time.

Ugly Bob
Bob was always upset about his looks. So he saved up money to get plastic surgery. He had his large nose nose shrunk. But he still wasn't happy. Bob ended up getting plastic surgery 20 more times.

PTA argument
Howard decided to go to a PTA meeting one day. He walked into the meeting room and found a seat. After a while, noticed that people were very cold and hostile. All of a sudden, a man began yelling at him about a school policy. This made Howard confused and uncomfortable, so he decided to leave.

Worst party ever.
I was invited to a party from a somewhat friend. He seems nice and I decided to go. When I arrive the party was lame and nothing to do but watch tv. The worse part is I was the only one there. First party that I wanted to be over fast.

The Big Game
Dan was the team basketball star at his school. This game determined who would go on to state finals. Dan and his team mates played with all their heart. The game was tied when Dan shot the last basket hoping to make it. The team won by two points and went on to state finals.

Bath Time
At our house bath time is so fun. We have three kids to give a bath too. They love to pretend to swim and use bath crayons. They especially love to splash which tends to make a mess. It may be long and sometimes messy but so much fun!

Sam Gets a New Keyboard
Sam wanted to get a new keyboard. His current one was starting to get worn out. He went to his local electronics store. He found a mechanical keyboard that he really enjoyed. Sam was able to type much faster with this new keyboard.

Budget Decisions
Emily is on a budget with both her time and money today. She could go to Food Lion, which provides very fast service. Or, she could go to Wal-Mart, which provides lower prices. Her budget on money is tighter than her budget on time. Emily decides to score some deals at Wal-Mart and do the self-checkout.

Picnic in the Country
I'll bring the lemonade and Jane can bring the cake. Where should we have it this year? Same as last year, at Nora's country house. But Nora sold that house just last week. Yes, and I bought it!

Rabbit
I had a pet rabbit. He loved alfalfa. I planted some in the backyard so I could give him fresh alfalfa. When it was ready, I brought him a bundle to eat. He ate every last bite.

Cancelled Show
One of my favorite shows just got cancelled. It seems like these days just about every show gets cancelled. I'm not sure how we are ever suppose to get hooked on a series. I wrote a letter the the network venting my frustration. Hopefully they read it and it helps.

Egypt
I decided to get a pet kitten. I went to the pet store and looked around. This beautiful kitten was clawing and biting the cage, to get to me. I decided to adopt her and take her home. She has been my cat child for 8 years now and is very happy.

Paul's Bakery
Paul dreamt of being a baker, so he saved up his money to buy a shop. When Paul opened his shop, he worked hard on promoting it. He waited for the shop to take off, but people never showed up. Paul tried his hardest to make ends meet with his few customers. Eventually, it became too expensive, and Paul had to close shop.

The Sign
Gina went for a walk near her home. At the end of the walkway was an orange construction sign. Gina walked over to see what the sign said. The sign stated a major street would be closing for repairs. It would be inconvenient, but Gina hoped it would at least be quick.

Milestones
Gertie was worried her baby was not meeting his milestones. She worked very hard to get his weight up. Sometimes she would have him do tummy time to get strong. She took her baby boy to the doctor. The doctor said the baby was doing very well.

Too Much
Ryan always overdid things. So when he was at a buffet, he got too much food. He put sausage, ham, chicken, bacon, eggs, and waffles on his plate. But he quickly realized he couldn't finish it all. Ryan stayed at the buffet for another hour to finish most of it.

Caitlyn
Caitlyn was a very pretty and smart girl, but she was mean to others. When someone made her mad, she would try to get others mad at them. She always gossiped about other people and said ugly things. Soon, her behavior made no one want to be friends with her. When she lost all her friends, she became very lonely.

Tom's Big Catch
Tom went fishing with some friends. They always had a competition on who could catch the biggest fish. Something caught Tom's line, but it was too big. It pulled him over the side of the boat and he almost drowned. Tom never went fishing with his friends again.

Vegetarianism
Terry was a ravenous consumer of meat. Over time, meat began to give him an upset stomach. Terry decided to become a vegetarian. At first, he found it hard to eat wholesome meals without meat. Soon enough, he adjusted to the vegetarian diet and loved it!

Chef Hat
I was invited to a halloween party for this weekend. I am having trouble assembling my costume. I decided to go as a chef. I can't find any cartoonish chef hats available anywhere. All I can find are actual normal chef hats.

Thanksgiving Hamburgers
Lilly purchased the biggest turkey she could find. It was the first year she was making dinner for her large family. That morning, she attempted to put the bird into the oven. But it was too big so she couldn't get it in. She had to fix burgers that she had in the freezer instead.

Pink iPhone
Yesterday the pink iPhone came out. It was beautiful. I immediately went to go and buy it. I was the first one at the store. When I went home I immediately plugged it in.

Desperation
Jake was getting wedded tomorrow. His dog made a mess of his suit. Jake decided to go buy a new suit. The stores were all closed. Jake got married in shorts and a t-shirt.

Mud Puddles
Pippa and George loved playing in mud puddles. One day they found a great big puddle in the backyard. They put on old clothes and boots. They jumped around in the puddle for hours. They were covered in mud from head to toe by the time they went in.

Night Stories
When I was a toddler my dad would put me to bed. Before we said goodnight, he would read me a story. Eventually he let me read it out loud on my own. I went to school one day and showed my abilities. My teachers were astounded that I could read at so young.

The food trade.
Daniel was a mechanic. He didn't make much money and lead a humble life. One day, a low-income man needed help on his car. The man owned a diner and gave Daniel food in return. Daniel did it free of charge and brought the food home for his kids.

Earning a toy.
Jeremy's mom needed him to pull some weeds. She promised that if he did, he could get a new toy. Jeremy quickly pulled all of the weeds in the garden. Then, his mom took him to the store. He chose a new pokemon game.

Last shall be first
There was a big race with many laps on a circular track. The guy in first lapped the last place guy. The guy in last got so frustrated he quit. Last place guy went to the sidelines and cheered everyone else on. The winner of the race thanked the last place guy for the motivation.

Blind Chicken
I always try to close my chicken coop just before dark. All of the chickens go in the coop by then except one. The one that does not go in is blind. I think she cannot tell when the sun goes down. I always have to wait to close the coop when she is ready.

The Avalanche
Tony took his nephew and two friends on a ski trip. They took a cable ride up and around a mountain. Tony told his nephew to prepare to ski down the mountain. His nephew said that was not possible. Next, their tour guide pointed out an avalanche.

Wrong wire
Tim was trying to fix the electrical wiring in his home. He had some broken wire in a wall so he needed to buy new wire. Tim went to the store to get new wire. When he got home he tried to install it. The wire he just bought was the wrong size and Tim failed.

Cake Problem
Ann let her daughter Mae bake a cake. Mae baked the cake all by herself. She measured everything and put it in the oven. When the cake was done it looked delicious. She forget to add oil and it tasted awful.

Bridesmaid
Noela was asked to be a bridesmaid by her friend. She gladly accepted the title. Noela got to walk with a handsome man. The two of them hit it off at the reception. They exchanged numbers and stayed in touch.

Goose Chase
Sam took his lunch break by the pond outside his office building. He had too much food, so he decided to share. He walked over to the water to throw scraps to the geese. One goose jumped out of the water to chase him! He dropped the scraps as he ran from the goose.

Late Fees
Matt was cleaning his house. He found a movie he had rented a long time ago. He tried to return it to the rental place but it was closed down. Matt checked his credit history and there were no hits. He kept the movie.

Cake Disaster
Margaret decided to bake a cake. She mixed all the ingredients together. Then, she put the cake in to bake. Unfortunately, she fell asleep after putting the cake in to bake. The cake was burned and ruined!

Blind Date
Jill's friend set her up on a blind date. They met at a restaurant. After a wonderful night they agreed to meet again. The next day her friend called to ask why she had stood her date up. She had accidentally had dinner with the wrong person!

Insurance
I recently got a motorcycle. I needed to get insurance. I decided to call a few companies. One company suggested bundling my insurance. Now I save a lot of money and am insured!

Windows
Gina needed to get into her locked house. She tried the bathroom window on the side of the house. It was locked. She was pleased to find her room window was unlocked. Gina climbed into the house through the window.

Finally Sleep
Gina was on a road trip with her family. She had been trying unsuccessfully to fall asleep for 2 hours. Finally she drifted off into sleep. She awoke to doors slamming as they stopped at a gas station. She was mortified to find she had only been asleep an hour.

Never Give Up
Tim was scared when he got a bike without training wheels. Tim's dad helped him get on the bike and going. Tim's dad let go and Tim fell over. Tim would not give up and got back on the bike. After some practice Tim was riding his bike all on his own.

Byron
Byron thought it was time to retire. He put in his paperwork and retired. He slept and did what he wanted all the time. Then he got bored and went back to work. Byron was glad to be working again.

Fire Alarm
The alarm bell rang in the firehouse. The firefighters quickly put on their coats, boots, and hats. The firefighters ran to the fire trucks. The big doors of the firehouse swung open. The fire trucks raced towards the fire.

Baby's First Steps
Lana is learning to walk. She lets go of the chair and takes a slow step forward, then another. She takes two more steps forward, into her mother's arms. Mama cheers for Lana's victory! Now Lana walks everywhere.

Steak
Josh loved to eat steak. His wife did not like steak. Josh wanted to get a good steak. He left his wife to go to the steakhouse. Now he is filing for divorce.

Bingo
Izzy went to bingo at church with her grandma. She went every now and then but she had never won. She looked forward to the day she would get to yell bingo. She had all the numbers on her card. She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs.

Absent Minded Breakfast
Tom was hungry one morning. So he put bread in the toaster. He went to watch television but realized he was hungry. He grabbed bread and walked towards the toaster. But he realized there was already toasted bread ready.

Socks
Joey was wearing his lucky socks. He did not want to take them off. He was afraid to lose his good luck! But after a week, his feet smelled awful. His mom made him change the socks.

Shark
Bob loved to fish in the ocean. He decided to take his sister and mother in law fishing. They chummed behind the boat for 2 hours. His mother in law had a bite on her hook. She pulled in a 5 foot shark all by herself.

Surprise Party
Janet's friend Mary had a birthday coming up. Mary has always been good to Janet so she wanted to do something. Janet decided to throw her a surprise party. She called up all of Mary's friends and invited them over. Mary went into the house full of people and was pleasantly surprised.

Jonas Hunts Deer
Jonas noticed that all his friends enjoyed hunting. He had never tried hunting, but he was worried about it. Finally he decided to give it a try. He was able to shoot a deer on his first hunting trip. Jonas decided never to worry about trying new things again.

Crippling Debt
Samantha wanted to get a brand new TV. She decided to buy one with her credit card. She had 6 months free financing on her credit card. After 6 months, Samantha forgot to pay her credit card debt. Samantha was left with crippling debt for Years.

Travel Spanish
Winston was going on a vacation to Mexico. He was going to stay for a few weeks. Before he left he took basic Spanish classes. He learned some great travel Spanish phrases. He was able to get along really well in Mexico.

The Bully
Jacob is being bullied in school by Derek. He talks to his parents about the situation. Jacob and his parents set up a meeting with the school principal. Derek gets suspended from school, and apologizes to Jacob. Jacob isn't being bullied at school anymore.

The Snowman
Leslie woke up to a yard covered in snow. She put on her boots and went outside. She played in the snow and built a snowman. She placed a carrot for his nose and put a scarf on his neck. Leslie had a great time building her snowman.

Emergency Lunch
Harry was walking down the street to get to his favorite restaurant. After walking for a while, he began to approach the food truck. When he showed up, there were policemen and ambulances everywhere. It turned out the head chef had a heart attack and Harry had to leave. Harry decided to go to another local restaurant instead.

Chad and Chris
Chad and his older brother Chris don't get along. They are always fighting. Their mom is really upset with all the fighting. She took away all their video games. They stopped fighting to get them back!

Rain
Ray went for a walk outside. Halfway through the walk, it began to rain. Ray turned around and headed home. But still, he was soaking wet by the time he got there. Ray wished he had checked the weather forecast before walking.

Skydiving
Jason wants to add excitement to his life. Jason decides to go skydiving. He is very anxious about this, but goes to the airport anyway. His skydiving instructor is very nice. Jason skydives from the plane and lands safely.

Sweet Tooth
Jane and her family were staying at a fancy resort while on vacation. They saw a small ice cream parlor, but Jane hesitated to go in. She stood still and thought of her thinning gums and stained teeth. Jane realized vacations were rare, so she ordered a bowl of mint chip. The next morning, Jane's front gums were swollen and sore.

The cartoon show
Rob's family went out to dinner when his cartoon was on the air. He sat patiently at the restaurant waiting to go home. When the arrived home he ran to the DVR to play his show. It was late and he yawned as the show began. Rob fell asleep and missed the cartoon.

advice
Tim had bad luck with basketball. He never could get control of a bouncing ball. He refused help from anyone. One day he finally took advice from his dad. After that he was a pro at basketball.

Another Option
Lucy and her grandpa wanted to see a movie. The movie had sold out early. Grandpa asked if she wanted to wait for the next movie. Lucy thought it might be better to see a different one instead. Grandpa agreed and they saw her 2nd choice option.

The Movies.
Jim wants to see an action movie but Jen wants to see a romantic one. They flip a coin to see which one to go to and Jim won the coin toss. Jim could still see that Jen was a little upset. He offered that they go see the romantic movie that night. Jen was so happy that she went to see Jim's movie the next night.

Kyle Locks Himself Out
Kyle woke up late for school one day. He rushed to get ready for school and not be late to first period. He barely made it on time for first period. When he got home that night, he realized he had forgotten his key. Kyle swore he would never wake up late again.

The Faithful Dog
Tony had a faithful dog. Everyday the dog would wait for Tony to get home from school. This made Tony very happy. One day Tony was not looking when he got off the bus. As a car passed the bus the faithful dog pulled Tony to safety.

Sarah Gets a Ride
Sally had work later tonight. She got into her car to drive to work. Her car wouldn't start. Sarah called her friend Joe for a ride. Joe came 5 minutes later and was able to give Sarah a ride to work.

Scavenger hunt
Louisa wanted to go on a scavenger hunt. She went on one with her friends. The girls started finding many objects. After an hour, they were done. When they were done they won a prize.

Renting a Boat
John and his friends wanted to go fishing but didn't own a boat. The went to the dock and asked if they could borrow anyone's boat. An elderly man offered John his boat in exchange for $50 dollars. John accepted the offer and went fishing with his friends. They caught a lot of fish and had a good time.

Success
Bob was an unskilled construction laborer. Bob decided he was getting older and needed to acquire new skills. Bob enrolled in a computer course. Bob enjoyed and excelled at his computer technology courses. Now Bob owns his own internet security firm!

Hike
Janice loved to go hiking. She'd always pester her friends to join her. One time her friends consented to come along. After two hours everybody except Janice wanted to turn around. With a big grin on her face Janice led them out of the woods.

Camping
My friends and I went camping. We found the best spot in the whole forest. When we got there, we set up our tents and a fire. We spent the night taking around the fire and roasting marshmallows. It made a great memory.

The flight delay.
Johnny was supposed to be going home after vacation. His flight was delayed due to weather. Since he'd checked out of his hotel, he decided to go swimming. He spent the whole day on the beach. At the end of the day he caught his flight home.

Trick or Treat
Charlie put on his halloween costume. He was so excited to be Spiderman. He was anxious to go door to door and get candy. Halloween was his favorite holiday. His favorite because when the night is done he has tons of candy!

Backhand
Lyn's backhand is awful. She decided to get help. So she hired a tennis pro. The tennis pro helped Lyn's backhand. Lyn now has a great backhand.

Chef Fraud
Chef Bill is set up for a job interview at a 5 star restaurant. He brags to all his friends that he is going to be the head chef. When he gets to the interview he is told that the position is busboy. Jim doesn't have the heart to tell his friends the truth. When they visit the restaurant unannounced Bill is humiliated

Home is best
My husband told me I had to leave the house for a week. I stayed with a friend. At my friend's place, there is no heat. I became ill. Next time my husband tells me to leave, I will refuse.

The New Chair
Jason feels that his work chair is very uncomfortable. Jason asks his boss for a new chair. His boss agrees, but says Jason must go get it from the store. Jason drives to the store. He picks up the new chair for his office.

The Rules
My job set up all sorts of new rules. Everyone was really upset by them. It made my work almost impossible. Eventually I had to quit. The work environment had turned too toxic.

diving
One summer at our pool party, my mom was caught off guard. She had seen her oldest son go diving off the diving board. He was almost forty years old, and she forgot he could dive. Everyone in the family harassed him after that too. Everyone always called him the boy who could still dive.

New Film
Steven found a 35 mm camera at a garage sale and decided to buy it. He had to go to the supermarket for film because he didn't have any. Steve had forgot how fun it was to take pictures with film. He took photos of everyone around him. He developed the prints and gave them to his friends.

The New Room
Gina was able to move into her brother's old room. Gina had been sharing a room with 2 other girls her whole life. Getting her own room was a dream come true. She didn't even move her bed. She was so happy she didn't care if she slept on the floor.

The Doctor
Little Billy hated going to the doctor, but he had a sore throat. His mother told him that they must go to the doctor. At the doctor, Billy was worried he'd have to get a shot. The doctor told him he had strep throat, and could take medicine. Billy left the doctor with his medicine and knew he would feel better.

The Talkative Neighbor
Amy had a neighbor, Hazel, who was extremely garrulous. If Hazel saw Amy checking her mailbox, she would go out to greet her. Then she would hold Amy hostage to her endless barrage of words. Amy, a good person, felt forced to resort to a devious technique. The only thing that worked was to pretend to be deaf!

Facebook embarrassment
Kim had an online diary that she wrote in daily. She was very candid and put everything in the diary. One day, she was very mad at her boss and wrote about it. She soon realized that she was not in her diary, but on Facebook! Everyone saw her post and she was fired the next day!

Bad sting
I was sitting with my friends eating lunch when I got stung by a bee. The bee came and stung me and I screamed. I ran to the nurse to get some ice. I could see the black stinger inside me. I immediately started being afraid of bees since.

Statues Cannot Dance
A sculptor set out to carve a statue. He found a fine block of marble and set to work. He spent years toiling over it. When he was finished, he discovered that he had carved two left feet. After that, he took up painting.

Stockings
We hung Christmas stockings for everyone in the family. My mom insisted we hang some for the dogs, as well. We put treats in each stocking. The dogs smelled the treats in their stockings and pulled them down. The dogs' stockings were opened on December 12th instead of Christmas.

They Meet
Val saw Ali go to the bathroom. Val and her friend Kris followed her. Ali froze when she saw Val. Val was going to pummel this brat. Just when Ali's friend June came in and saved Ali from a fight.

James Goes To The Bars
James was out visiting his friends. They decided to visit the local bar scene. They ordered lots of drinks. They drank all night long. They had a great time enjoying each other's company.

taco tuesday
Bill was starving at work. He could not wait for lunch time. But then he remembered he had forgotten his lunch! He was sad, until his boss announced free taco tuesday. Bill would have a great lunch after all - for free!

Little Brothers
I have a younger brother. When we were kids I used to like to beat him up. Sometimes we would get in real fights and I always won. But one year, my brother had grown taller than me. I was quite surprised when he won the fight I started with him.

Sunset
Tom wanted to take Shelly on a date. However he was broke. He thought that there was nothing he could do. Shelly had a good idea. They both just sat and watched the sunset together.

Wrinkles
Iva was starting to get wrinkles around her eyes. She went to the store and bought an expensive cream. The cream said it would reduce Iva's wrinkles in six weeks. She used it religiously for all six weeks. She was glad to see that her wrinkles did indeed get smaller.

Little Bobby in the dark
Little Bobby liked to hang out late at night. His mother always warned him to be in earlier, but Bobby never cared. One night, Bobby saw his friend get robbed and beaten badly. Bobby could not help his friend, because they ran away into the night. Bobby now tries not to stay out late anymore.

Walking the Dog
Alice woke up that morning to her dog, Tito, licking her face. She got out of bed, ready to start her day with a brisk walk outside. Tito wagged his tail as Alice attached the leash and tied her shoes. They walked for about half an hour, enjoying the sights and smells. Afterwards, Alice took a shower and Tito was ready for a nap.

Not A Natural Speaker
I was chosen to give an important speech to my class. I worked very hard on writing the speech. I practiced in front of family and friends. When the time came to give the speech, I forgot it. I made up a speech on the spot that the class enjoyed.

Worth It?
David went to see SNL live last week. He waited in line overnight, in the cold. People had even brought tents to stay in. He eventually ended up getting a ticket. David thought that it was worth it.

The Farm
Same went to visit his uncle at the farm. He woke up early because of the roosters. There was slow internet and no reception. He was bored and hated it. He was excited to finally leave.

I Resolved My Confusion About Cold Medicine.
I wasn't sure what kind of medicine I should take for my cold. I was confused by the variety of remedies available. I asked the pharmacist what she would recommend. She suggested a multi-symptom formula. With gratitude for her assistance, I bought it.

No tomatoes
Fred really wanted a hamburger. He went to a fast food place to order one. He specified that he did not want a tomato. Fred paid and went home to enjoy his burger. When he put into the burger, he spat out a piece of tomato.

Zoo
Chris wanted to visit the zoo. Chris told his friend how he had never been to the zoo before. They both went together. Chris loved looking at the animals. Chris had a great time at the zoo with his friend.

Safety First
Jane put on her  riding helmet and chaps after she saddled her horse. Jane got on her horse and began riding down the trail. Suddenly, Jane's horse spooked at the sound of a tree branch breaking. Jan's horse bucked  and Jane was thrown hard to the ground. Jane was not hurt because she wore her riding helmet and her chaps.

Authentic Christmas
About a week ago I lost my job. I've never faced the Christmas season without money before. At first I began to panic, thinking I wouldn't be able to give gifts. I am now realizing that I put way too much emphasis on material things. I now think this year will be a more authentic celebration of Jesus birth.

Broken Cork
Chris was in a rush to open a bottle of wine. He twisted the corkscrew into the cork as fast as he could. He gave it a strong yank to get the cork out. The cork tore in two pieces. Chris had to remove the cork from the corkscrew and start again.

Bad End
The boss told all of his employees to get together. He discussed several changes to the workforce. In addition, he announced that several people are going to be fired. Throughout the day, I tried to remain calm. However, I saw a notice on my desk that says I'm fired.

Pastor Tom
Pastor Tom was preaching on Sunday. He preached about ways to care for other people. He told everyone that they should help with a food drive after church. People listened to his message and decided to help. Pastor Tom collected many pounds of food that Sunday.

The Toddler
Zaiden is a mischievous 4 year old. He sometimes finds things to get into. His mother checked on him when he got quite. She found unrolled toilet paper everywhere. Zaiden had to clean up all the toilet paper.

The Big Maybe
Martin had a crush on Maybelline. Martin passed her a note in class. It asked her if she would like to go to prom with him. Maybelline replied back maybe. Martin arrived at prom night still unsure if he had a date.

The Drive
Today I went to pick up my son from daycare during a blizzard. My drive there was very interesting and a little scary. The snow had made the roads very hard to drive on. I was late picking up my son. I had to pay a thirty dollar fee for being late.

Aging Parent
Rebecca got a call from family to go home to visit her dad. Her dad's health had been declining and he didn't have much time left. She flew home immediately and began taking care of him. What was meant to be a short visit turned into months of caregiving. She ended up staying two Year's giving him care before he died.

The Girl who Cried Wolf
My cousin called me while I was at work. She told me that she recently found out that she's pregnant. I left work early to go comfort her. However, my sister talked to me about her during the next day. She said that my cousin was faking the results.

Christmas Tree
I was still full from Thanksgiving but could not wait. I went to the shed and got my Christmas tree and decorations. I set up the tree in front of my front room windows. I then spent hours putting decorations on the tree. I stood back and was proud of my beautiful Christmas tree.

The apple tree
Trenton loved apples. He decided to plant a tree. He dug a big hole and put the tree in. Next he patted in the dirt around. Last he watered it and waited for it to grow.

Out of Gas
Mike was a procrastinator. One day his wife told him he needed to put gas in the car. Mike decided that the gas could wait. He went out driving and ended up stranded because he ran out of gas. Mike painfully had to admit that he should have listened to his wife.

Sara's Lost Report
Sara spent all night working on her school report. She had to get an A on the report to pass her History class. She printed the report out and put it in her backpack. When she got to school she couldn't find her report. She ended up failing her History class.

Lunch
Sam decided to cook lunch for his family. He turned the oven on and waited for it to preheat. When the oven was warm he put in a frozen pizza. He forgot to set a timer and the pizza burned! Now the entire family must go out for lunch.

A rainy day
I woke up in the middle of the night to rain pounding the roof. Even though the rain beat on the roof, I was able to fall back asleep. When I awoke in the morning, the rain had gone and it was very quiet. I rose from my bed and looked out the window. The rain had gone and left a beautiful blue sky.

Home
Rita was far away from home. She was supposed to get a ride back. The ride stated that they couldn't make it. She did not know what to do. She ended up taking a cab.

Cooking gone Wrong
Jenna gathered several ingredients in the kitchen. She placed the chicken in one place and prepared to make seasoning. However, she squeezed a lemon into her eye. It took her several minutes to remove the pain from the stinging. She continued to cook afterwards although her eye was still in pain.

The toy patterns.
Micah was working while his son ran around the house playing. He decided to go check on him. He noticed all of the toys were lined up and arranged in patterns He was really proud of his toddler for being so smart. He found him and praised him for his patterns.

Joseph's Journey
Joseph decided that he was going to walk across the country. He started slow, stopping in many towns along the way. In three months, Joseph made it halfway across the USA! He continued strong until he reached the west coast. When he was done, Joseph decided to walk back the other way.

Keys
I sat my groceries on the kitchen counter. I locked the inside back door. I remembered I didn't get the mail. I searched for my keys for the mailbox. I retraced my steps and the keys were in the door.

The rusty bike.
Allie wanted to ride her bike. She climbed on and moved but something felt off. When she looked she saw that the chains were rusty. She told her dad. He was able to fix them up like new.

The Flat Cake
This morning I woke up very early to bake a cake. I gathered all of my ingredients: flour, sugar, eggs. When I mixed all my ingredients I put them in the oven. Unfortunately, the cake fell flat! Then I realized I forgot the baking powder, too bad.

Burned Popcorn
Jerry was hungry one day while watching movies. He got up and went to the kitchen to find a snack. He found a bag of popcorn and put it in the microwave. Jerry went back to sleep and forgot to check the popcorn. When he woke up, he checked the popcorn and it was burned.

The Long Trip Home
Eddie and Carol were on their way home, driving across the country. There was no reason for them to get home right away. They decided to take their time and stop at lakes to swim, everyday. It was a hot summer, and those hours spent swimming cooled them off. These lake breaks made the trip longer, but well worth it.

Hike
I decided to take a hike last weekend. I went up to the top of a near mountain. The view was breathtaking. I felt alive and in touch with nature. I took plenty of pictures before coming back.

Lana's Freedom
Lana wanted more freedom. She told her parents that she wanted to walk to school by herself. Her parents were scared something might happen. Finally they conceded to Lana that she was old enough. Lana was allowed to walk to school if she carried her phone.

Escaping Cat
Tammy's cat always tried to run out the door. She would always freak out whenever someone opened it. She asked everyone to let her know if they were going over. One time a friend opened the door without warning. The cat ran out and Tammy was furious.

New rug
Katie was getting a new rug. She needed to get it installed. The people were supposed to come at noon to install. However to her dismay, Katie was left alone. The installers never came.

Celebrity Look-alike
Angie was self-conscious about her looks, especially her nose. When she got ready for a party, she tried to hide her flaws. At the party, a handsome guy and his friends came over to her. Angie was flattered when he said she reminded him of someone famous. The guy turned to his pals and said she looked like Barbra Streisand.

Lester Wears A Scarf
Lester is getting ready to head to a shop for some coffee. When he steps outside, Lester is amazed by how cold it is. He decides to go inside to put on a scarf. Now he feels ready to go. With his scarf, Lester braves the cold to get coffee.

Baby Sleep
Baby Eddie didn't want to sleep. He fought hard to keep his eyes open as he played. Constantly he would catch himself nodding off. He yelled many times to keep himself from drifting off. Eddie succumbed to his heavy eyelids and slept all night.

Dragons
Cole always loved dragons He would draw them constantly. His parents decided to bring him to a dragon festival in Chinatown. He was so excited. He wanted to go every year.

Perfume
I put perfume on this morning. It smelled very strong. When I got to school people were coughing. My teacher said go wash it off. I had to scrub my neck in the bathroom.

Toothaches
Annie woke up in the morning with a strong ache in her tooth. She tried to ignore it for a few days, but it kept getting worse. Annie's mother begged her to get to the dentist to have it checked. She begrudgingly accepted and made an appointment. The dentist took care of her infection and saved her from much pain.

plastic mold
There was a scientist who wanted to collect bacteria samples. The samples needed to be put somewhere. The guy grabbed a plastic mold to put them in. The bacteria were then examined in a microscope. The bacteria was non harmful.

Lost Sandwich
Jimmy was having picnic at the park. He packed a delicious turkey sandwich. As he was about to take a bite a bird swooped down and grabbed it. The bird flew off with his sandwich into the sky. Jimmy bought some fast food to satisfy his appetite on his way home.

Nepotism
Lucy's father was a very famous actor. Lucy wanted to follow in his footsteps. Unfortunately she never got any call backs from her auditions. Distraught she called her father. He pulled some strings to allow for Lucy to finally land a role.

Driving
Sara had never driven before but really wanted her license. When she turned sixteen she went to get her permit. On her first drive a car crashed into her car. It wasn't her fault but it still scared her. As a result she never wanted to drive again.

Old School
Nancy is in her forties and decided to go get her college degree. Her first day of class she brought a notebook and pen with her. She noticed that every other student had a laptop instead. They were all e-mail notes by the teacher instead of writing them. Nancy was surprised by how much things have change in schools.

Evil Mother
The kid on the street wouldn't stop running. He would run to the side of the road at the last minute a car came by. His mom was angry and ran towards him. She aggressively kicked him in his knee. While the kid was crying, he couldn't get up.

Making a Movie
Little Timmy loved making home movies. He would set up elaborate scenes and have his family act things out. He even wrote scripts based on movies he liked. One day he sneaked and saw an r rated movie. His parents were worried after they read his new script.

Gene went shopping
Gene needed to get some food. Gene went to his car. He drove to the grocery store. Gene went inside and bought his favorite foods. He bought the food and went home.

Adobe Shed
Ben needed a place to store his tools but had no money. He decided that he would build an adobe she'd like his grandpa did. He looked up instructions online and wrote them down. Ben spent two weeks making mud bricks and shingles. When he was done, he had a beautiful, rustic mud brick shed.

Doormat
Jill was the building manager of her apartment. She went hall to hall sweeping and cleaning. She noticed a new tenant had put out a doormat. Not sure if she should clean it or they should she left it alone. She got an angry call later wondering why she was neglecting it.

Ripped hair.
Emma was getting ready for bed. She was trying to take her hair out of it's ponytail. Somehow, the hair became caught in the tie. She yanked on it and tried to free it. The hair ripped and the tie came out.

NYC
Rose wanted to see New York City. She took a train ride into Manhattan. There, she saw the sights. Then she had famous New York pizza. Rose loved visiting New York!

New Cleats
Jill loved to play soccer. She was on a travel soccer team. She had a big tournament this weekend. She bought new cleats to prepare for the tournament. Jill was able to score 2 goals with her new cleats.

Play Ball
Ella is a toddler who likes to play ball. She can kick and throw the ball. Unfortunately, Ella can't catch the ball though. Her mommy practiced catching the ball with her every day for a month. At the end of the month, Ella could kick, throw, AND catch the ball.

Ted's Flight
Ted is on a non-stop plane ride to Italy. He has never been out of the country before so he's quite nervous. In order to pass some time, he is planning on taking a nap. So far, Ted has been having trouble getting comfortable. Instead of forcing himself to sleep, he's decided to read a book.

Movie
Kai's mom invited him to a movie. Kai agreed to go with her. They went to see a horror movie. The movie was terrifying! Kai and his mom both had a great time!

The Tired Pup
Ryder is a playful pup. He wore himself out. He tried finding a safe place to take a nap. Hallie refused to let him sleep. Ryder ran under the bed to take his nap.

Lynsey's Failure
Lynsey did not try very hard at her studies. She preferred to talk to boys and skip class. Lynsey made terrible grades and couldn't get into college. Lynsey had to take a job at a very bad restaurant. Lynsey is now poor and wishes she had studied more.

Fixing my glasses.
My glasses were broken. I called the eye doctor. They told me to come in to get them fix. I went in and they fixed them. Then, I was able to go home.

The Carwash
Sam was excited to get his car washed. He had a big date on Thursday to get ready for. He went into the automatic machine. Before he noticed he was soaked and soapy. He had forgotten to close the window in all the excitement.

Foster Care
Ani's brother had his two kids taken away from him by CPS. They bring the kids to Ani's house. Ani goes through the foster care licensing process. She decides to care for the kids until her brother can. Ani is stressed and hoping they can return home soon.

Savings
Anna wanted to save enough money for a new car. Every paycheck, she set aside twenty dollars. She put the money in a savings account and never touched it. After one year, she had earned enough to buy the car she wanted. Anna was so proud of herself and her saving ability!

My dog Cinnamon
I lived by myself and one day decided to get a dog. I went to the local animal shelter and was brought to a room. I had a really hard time deciding until I saw Cinnamon. She was standing up and seemed happy unlike the rest. I chose to bring Cinnamon home with me that day.

Late for Work
Cindy awoke in panic when she realized that she was late for work. She hopped into the shower with her toothbrush. When she was finished with cleaning, she put her clothes on. Cindy grabbed her keys and some toast and she headed out the door. She dialed the manager and let him know that she was on her way.

The Sting
On a warm spring day I was out for a drive with the windows down. I didn't realize I had a passenger until a wasp stung me on the neck. I panicked and swerved, barely missing a car in the next lane. I pulled over to the shoulder and the wasp flew out. I was lucky I wasn't in an accident due to that awful insect.

Flat tire
Kelly and her friends decided to go for a drive. The girls wanted to see the town. They were having a lot of fun, however something happened. They got a flat tire. Thankfully though, someone came to help.

Food fight
Sally and Charlie hardly ever agree. Their disagreements sometimes get them into trouble. The argued over who should get the biggest piece of pie. Charlie grabbed a piece and threw it at Sally's face. Dad sent them to bed without any pie.

The Morning
Paul woke up and felt cold. He put on a hoodie and went downstairs. Once he left the house it began to rain. Paul went back inside to get a rain coat. Paul wore both his hoodie and rain coat to work.

Home
George wanted his own house but did not have the money to buy one. George did own a couple of acres of wooded land. George drew up his dream home plans and set out for the land. George spent the next few years cutting down trees and working. Three years later George drove to his land to live in his own house.

WSOP
Joey loves poker. Saturday he went to play on his poker team. Joey came in first place and won a spot in the WSOP. Joey made his arrangements to fly to Vegas. Joey experienced his dream playing in the WSOP.

Planes
Bob was scared of planes. Alas, he had to go to Malaysia. He tried to hire a boat. But, it was too expensive. Bob decided to go by plane and he actually enjoyed it!

Every Job
A man wanted to make money so he started to take on new jobs. He filled up his entire week with work. At the end of his first 90 hour work week he felt tired. He slept so long on Sunday night that he slept through his monday job. While he slept, he dreamed about being rich.

Volunteering.
June was all alone for Thanksgiving. She couldn't afford to travel this year. She felt so bored and alone that day. Suddenly, she noticed a commercial for a local soup kitchen. She decided to go out and volunteer at a kitchen.

Jasper Runs A Marathon
Jasper has always wanted to run a marathon. He begins to train by going jogging every morning. As he jogs more, he finds himself becoming stronger. Finally Jasper runs in a local marathon. He is happy that he successfully completed it.

Best Friend
Frank wanted to go hunting with his best friend Garry. Frank called Gary and invited him to go hunting. Garry accepted Frank's invitation to go hunting. Garry and Frank met up at their usual hunting spot. Frank was glad that he got the opportunity to go hunting with Gary.

Not too Young
My husband is an excavator. He owns many pieces of heavy equipment and large lawn mowers. When my son was only 5 he was able to drive a backhoe. He now mows our lawn with a full size tractor. He has gotten a lot of confidence because of this.

Hot Date
Samantha wanted a hot date with her boyfriend Jake. She decided to cook his favorite dish, spaghetti carbonara. While frying the pancetta, Samantha set Jake's apartment on fire. Samantha and Jake barely escaped with their lives. Jake dumped Samantha, but she got asked on a date by a fireman.

Civil War Photography
I collect old photographs. My favorite period is definitely the American Civil War. There is some amazing early photography from that period. Some of it is pretty gruesome as well. But I find it to be the most honest and accurate way to see the past.

Birthday no plans
It was my 26th birthday and I had no plans. I decided to just go and eat my favorite food. A friend and I went to the restaurant and started to order. Suddenly, I heard "Surprise!" My family and friends threw me a surprise party!

Connecticut Compromise
I was tired but not ready to go to sleep yet. So I grabbed one of my books on American history. I read the first two chapters about our constitutional convention. I dozed off reading about the Connecticut compromise. Next thing I knew, sunlight was peeking at me through the window.

Afraid
Ben was afraid of the dark. His mom told him he could get a nightlight. Ben got a cute little nightlight. Every night he kept it on all night. The light helped Ben sleep much easier.

Dinner
Johnny set out to make a nice dinner. He bought some fresh chicken and vegetables. He put them in the slow cooker in the morning. In the evening, he pulled out the chicken and vegetables. He shared the meal with his wife, and they enjoyed it a lot.

Crack
My mom was taking out the garbage outside. As soon as she bent over to pick up the bag, her back got sprained. She fell on the floor and wasn't able to get up. I had to take her to the hospital. Luckily, the doctor said that the injury isn't severe.

Burning Ham
Candy claimed she had never burned a ham. She put the ham in the over 2 hours early to prove it. Candy slept through the timer going off. She ran to the kitchen when she smelled smoke. Candy had finally burned a ham.

The Computer
Tommy's laptop was too slow to even run Minecraft. Tommy's mom suggested he earn money to buy a new computer. Tommy opened a lemonade stand in front of his house. Because Tommy's lemonade was delicious, his stand was a huge success. Within a week, he had earned enough money to buy a better computer.

Dog Walk
I took my dog on a walk this morning. She started following a scent. It led her to a squirrel in a tree. She barked at the squirrel a few times. Then she got bored and we went home.

Poetry
Bill was a first year college student. He was required to take a poetry class. He did not appreciate the class. He later matured and ended up appreciating the same poems. He reflected on this and it gave him a unique internal feeling.

Coffee
Pat was always tired. He would sleep twelve hours and need ten more. One morning he decided to stop and get coffee. His whole body tingled and felt alive. Pat has now been awake for two days.

Grand Canyon
Ted earned some vacation days at work he wanted to use. He decided to visit the grand canyon. He just decided to drive across the country there. He had fun on the road trip. He had a memorable vacation at the Grand Canyon.

Technology Troubles
Chris was a millennial. For some reason, he just couldn't get the hang of technology. He tried figuring out how to use the latest phones. He always ended up getting his phone frozen. Chris missed the time when smart phones didn't exist.

Activate My Music!
Matt was a passionate activist with an idea for a musical. He wanted to bring attention to adversity suffered by minorities. Matt had a difficult time finding funding for his endeavor. He robbed a convenience store to obtain the money he needed. The guards at the prison where he's now housed also enjoy show tunes.

First Day of Junior High
Amy was starting Junior High. She got up extra early to get dressed. She changed her clothes 4 times. She wanted to look as adult as possible. In the end she had nothing she wanted to wear.

AUTOGRAPH
A little boy sick in a hospital worshiped a famous basketball player. He asked a volunteer to get the player's autograph. The volunteer promised to try but said it would be difficult. The next evening the volunteer met her friend for coffee. Standing in front of the  coffee shop was the ball player!

Snitch
Billy and jean were playing in the classroom. They stole the teachers eraser and started to throw it around. Elena didn't approve of what they were doing and told the teacher. The teacher told them to stop and gave them detentions. Elena felt nervous since she was the old who told the teacher.

The table burn.
Monica had just made a pot of rice. She carried the pot to her table to serve some. She put the pot on the table and immediately heard a sizzling sound. She lifted the pot and saw a huge burn spot. Luckily, she was able to clean the burned spot up.

Mountain
Jimmy was always exploring the country. He found whatever mountain or valley he could and tromped all over. Sometimes he would get into trouble and had to wait for rescue. His wife worried about him when he didn't call during those times. Despite that she still loved him and helped him plan expeditions.

Shoveling Snow
There was a terrible thunderstorm in Bob's town. Bob's driveway was covered in snow. Bob couldn't get his car out of the drive. Bob shoveled his driveway. Bob's car had a clear path to the road.

Soft cookies
Earl wanted to bake a batch of soft cookies. He put the dough on a cookie sheet and started the oven. He put the cookies in when it was hot enough. To be safe, Earl set three different timers. When the first timer went off, he took out his cookies.

Finally Tall Enough
Last year Joe was an inch too short to ride the big roller coaster. He waited in line to be measured this year. He had grown over two inches! He was excited to finally be able to ride the coaster. He rode it three times that day.

First Zip-lining Experience
Angela has always been afraid of heights. She really wanted to go zip-lining with friends On the first platform, she was terrified when she looked down. She made sure her harness was double-checked for security. Angela counted to five and soared to the next platform.

Bedtime
Cindy has 5 children. They are very loud from the time they get up till they go to bed. Cindy has to have relaxation time. She decided to send them to bed early. Her children hated the new bedtime.

Officer Helps
Lucy was lost and didn't know her grandparents address. She was at a police station to get help. She was crying as she explained to an officer. He smiled and offered her something to eat. Lucy hungrily ate the candy bar, and soda the officer gave her.

christmas gifts
I set out today to buy a christmas gift for my newborn Niece. She had 2 strokes at birth so a motor skill toy would be the best item I went on walmart's website and found the perfect toy for infants. It teaches colors, shapes, music in three different languages. Knowing this would be a helpful and fun gift, I purchased it.

Stolen Doll
Robin envied a classmate who seemed to have everything. One day, this girl invited Robin over to play dolls. When the girl wasn't looking, Robin put a small doll in her pocket. Robin couldn't wait to get home to play with the stolen toy. When she got home, though, she buried the doll in her yard.

1st Birthday
I baked a chocolate cake for my daughter on her first birthday. We sat her in her high chair and put the cake in front of her. She looked at it then placed both her hands flat on the top of the cak Bringing her hands to her mouth to taste it with a big smile. She decided she loved it, and threw her whole face into the cake.

The Wedding Shower
Shana's friend Amy was getting married. Shana decided to throw her a surprise shower at work. She had everyone bring a dish for breakfast. Everyone came to the library and Amy arrived. Amy was completely surprised and happy.

Black Ghoul's
Dan was digging in his yard to put in an extension to his home. He wasn't very deep when his shovel thudded against something hard. Suddenly a black stream spewed up into the air! Dan thought he'd struck oil! When he sniffed the air he realized he'd struck a sewage pipe.

Unexpected
Anna was in a hurry to get to her job in a big city. Already late, she hurried down the sidewalk. Unexpectedly she bumped into someone. That person was a famous actor, and they both apologized. Anna was late to work but at least she got his autograph.

Sally
Sally went to mountains. Sally decided to go for a walk in the mountains. Sally saw another little girl on her walk. Sally talked to the little girl. Sally and the little girl are now friends.

New Boots
Jennifer found a pair of boots she absolutely loved. Although they were expensive, she bought them. When she got them home, she decided to put them on. She slid her foot in and felt something strange. She found a baby snake inside the boot.

Lost dog
Pedro went to feed his dog, Rufus but couldn't find him anywhere. He looked all over the house and in the yard and asked his parents. Nobody had seen Rufus anywhere, so Pedro put up signs looking for him. As he was taping a sign to a telephone pole, he heard a bark. The barking got closer and closer until Pedro saw Rufus!

Full fridge
I returned home with groceries one day after shopping. I carried my groceries into the house and put them on the counter. I opened my fridge, and noticed there was no room for my groceries. I began to clean out my fridge and put away my new items. After cleaning out the fridge, I had to take my trash out to the can.

Walking By
Amy had been avoiding her friends all day. Now she was sitting on the porch enjoying the fall sun. She decided she would call her friend Kim. Just then she saw Kim walking up the block. Kim was shocked to see Amy run to greet her smiling.

The Charitable Cashier
Beth's grandfather was in the hospital. She went to visit him. When she got bored she went to the gift shop. Beth wanted a book but was short a dollar. The cashier put the book in a bag and gave Beth a big smile.

A Smelly Lesson
Simon had a bad habit of procrastinating when it came to laundry. One morning, he realized he had nothing clean to wear. He had no time to wash anything because he had to go to work. Embarrassed, he sprayed a soiled shirt with deodorant and put it on. He tried to avoid colleagues, knowing he'd never ignore laundry again.

Clown Suit
My daughter asked me to take her to the circus. I said no because I am afraid of clowns. She got angry and went up to her room. At dinnertime, she came downstairs dressed in a clown suit. I grounded her.

The Lighthouse
Jason takes a trip to Maine. He drive to the famous lighthouse in Cape Elizabeth. He finds it very beautiful. He takes many pictures of it. Jason drives home after his trip.

Alphabet Soup
Bianca had a very bad cold. She texted her friend Sally to tell her about it. Sally came to visit and brought her some alphabet soup. Bianca ate every last drop of the delicious soup. She felt a lot better after eating and was thankful for Sally's visit.

Making smoothies.
I tried to give up soda. I bought a lot of fruit to make smoothies with. I put the fruit on the counter. I turned on the blender and put the fruit inside of it. I made a delicious smoothie and drank it.

Playing With Dogs
My kids always wanted a dog. Finally we decided to get one last week. We picked a rescue from the local pound. It is really cute and playful. So far I've been playing with it most.

My Trip to the doctor
I schedule a doctor's appointment to remove a mole. I walked into the lobby of the small practice. I waited patiently for my name to be called. I showed the mole to my doctor after he came to get me. He snipped the mole off in no time.

New Episode
Henry couldn't wait for Sunday nights when his favorite show was on. He finished all his chores after dinner so he could watch it. He sat down in front of the TV with a snack and a drink. Just then the power went out. Henry didn't get to watch the show after all.

Kyle plays baseball
Kyle was going to learn how to play baseball today. He got all his baseball gear ready. He put on his baseball uniform and fitted his mitt. After he was all dressed up, he was ready to go play baseball. Kyle's mom drove him to baseball practice.

Party
Geena has a bunch of glow sticks. Her friend Tom said they should have a party. She decided to bring the glow sticks to the party. They danced all night long. It was a great party.

Broken Desk
I was sitting at my computer desk one day. I put a large book on the surface and the table suddenly collapsed. I grabbed my tools and worked hard on fixing it. I began to put the desk together and it looked very good. I put the book on my desk and went back to work.

Broken glass screen
I stupidly decided to take off my screen protector yesterday. As a result, it ended up breaking. I was horrified. Then I remembered I could buy the protector for cheap. I then decided to buy another one.

Yankees
Ray had been a fan since he was a kid. Every chance he got he would try and catch a game. The Yankees were his favorite team year after year. Even when they were bad he still cheered for them. This is why he has die hard Yankees fan tattooed on his shoulder.

valentines
Ada's school was passing out Valentines. She was sad because she doubted she'd get any. But as she made her way to her locker, her eyes widened. She could hardly believe what she saw. There were a dozen valentines stuffed into her locker!

Betting On It
Zach told Troy he would never be able to drive a ball over 300 yards. Troy decided that Zach didn't know what he was talking about. Troy practiced hard on his driving techniques. Troy shows Zach he can now hit a ball 306 yards. Zach has to pay Troy $100 for the wager that he made.

Quarters
Sally needed quarters. She had to fill a small tube for her school to give to charity. However they were out of quarters at home. So she searched her dad's wallet. And then she put a 20 dollar bill in the tube.

Music
Tom loved music. He would always listen to music. One day he went for a walk with his boom box. His neighbors looked at him. He smiled as he enjoyed the music.

Haircut
Luke decided it was time to get a haircut. He called around to some local barbers. Luke rode his bike to the barbershop. He got his haircut very close and short. Luke looks like a new person!

Food Dilemma
Joan was hungry, but there was nothing good to eat in the house. She had to decide whether to go to the grocery store or order food in. She remembered she had just gotten a big bonus at work. She decided to splurge on a big order of delivery Chinese food. She ate and enjoyed her chicken with broccoli and fried rice.

Tyler
Tyler bought himself a skateboard. He began practicing. He was eager to learn how to ride it. Soon he had mastered the art. He began learning tricks and skating like a professional!

Getting Bagels
I went to get bagels at the coffee shop. There was a really pretty girl there too. If I was single, I would have tried to get a coffee with her! Instead, I ordered my bagels to go. I went home to my pathetic life.

Trick or Treat
Matthew wanted to got trick or treating with his friend Micah. Micah already had plans to go trick or treating with his cousins. Matthew's mom suggested Mathew try calling Jack. Jack agreed to trick or treat with Matthew. Jack and Matthew collected lots of candy.

ireland
Ora was visiting Ireland with her family. They decided to visit the Blarney Stone. They took a bus to the site. Then everyone lined up to kiss the stone. Ora went home convinced she had earned herself lots of good luck!

Tina has a date
Tina wanted to go on a date with brian. He finally asked her out. When he got to her place his car broke down. Tina had a great idea. They ended up having a wonderful night watching movies at home.

Big Belt
Jim gained weight after eating poorly. He tried to put a belt on but it would not fit. He took out a hole punch and punched new holes in his belt. Jim put on the new belt for a test fit. He was pleased with how the bigger belt fit.

The Talent Show
Henry and his band decided to enter the school talent show. They decided to perform an old rock song. They practiced every day after school. They wore costumes and choreographed a routine. Henry's band won first place.

Roll to a Stop
Jim was in a hurry to return his book to the library. He drove his car to a stop sign. Since he saw no one coming, he rolled through it. An old man on the sidewalk yelled at Jim. Jim felt guilty and sped away from the old man.

New Plan
Gina had to secretly put her mom's house key back in her purse. But her mother was sitting in the living room near the purse. Gina sat on the loveseat watching TV with her mom. When her mom went to the bathroom Gina sprung into action. She put the key back on the chain, and ran downstairs to her room.

The new booster seat.
Alex was starting to outgrow his car seat. His mom took him to the store and bought him a booster seat. He was really excited to get to sit in it. His mom installed it right away. Alex got to ride home in his new seat.

Old Shoes
My wife told me I had to throw out my old tap shoes. I dug them out of the closet and tossed them in the trash. I was sad all day long. In the middle of the night I retrieved them. I went out to the driveway for one last dance.

Rainy Days
It had been raining all week long. The Johnson were dismayed about the bad timing. Mr Johnson decided to take his family out for a walk. He borrowed some rain gear and got everyone motivated. They walked through parks and forests in the rain.

Beach Sick
Tara used to live next to the beach as a kid. She now lived no where near the beach. She drove a hour to get to the beach every weekend. She decided to move closer to the beach. She now only drive 5 minutes to get to the beach.

Kitchen
Lucy was lost in the basement of her grandmother's church. The large old church was like a maze. She pushed open a set of large double doors. To her relief there were ushers in the church's kitchen. A kind usher gave her a sucker, and took her back to Sunday school.

The Folded Map
Joan bought a folded map to guide her on a car trip. She traced the route in red and put the map in her car. Joan fumbled for the folded map as she drove. She glanced at the map and followed the red-lined route. Finding herself circling back home, Joan saw the map was upside down.

The Friendly Goat
When I was a teenager, I took a trip to visit family in England. My Aunt took me to a historic town with lots of farmland. I saw a friendly-looking goat, and wanted my picture taken with it. I carefully approached the goat as my Aunt snapped pictures. There was only one keeper, but I made it my Facebook photo!

Juanita Gives Up
Juanita had been single ever since her husband died. She had always hoped to fall in love again. She tried meeting a man through classified ads and online. After Years of trying to meet another man, she lost hope. Juanita decided she would be single for the rest of her life.

Dancing
Dan wanted to go dancing. Dan decided he would go to a local night club. After finding something to wear, Dan drove to the club. Once there, Dan requested his favorite song be played. Dan had a great time dancing to his favorite song at the club.

Pregnancy surprise
Karen had been trying to get pregnant for over a year. She finally made an appointment with the doctor. While waiting to go in, she had a special feeling in her belly. When the doctor finished his check up, he gave her a big smile. He told her the news that she was indeed pregnant!

Jason wins a prize
Jason had been waiting for the county fair all year. He knew that this year, the fair would have a special game. The winner of the game would get a date with Cassie. Cassie was the town's prettiest girl. Jason played the game, but he ended up losing.

Raged Man
When Henry's mom came home, she started to arrange the house. In addition, she ended up moving Henry's homework. He became extremely furious when he couldn't find it. The first thing he did was started to shout at his mom. She felt bad although it was her fault for misplacing the homework.

Beach House
Skip's family rented a beach house in Florida for a week. On the third morning the house caught on fire. The local fire department worked hard to put out the fire quickly. Unfortunately, the entire beach house collapsed from the damage. Skip's family was sad the vacation had to end so soon.

Loud Party
Cindy was tired. But her neighbors were having a loud party. The party seemed to go on forever. At 3 AM, Cindy called the police to complain. But minutes later, the party stopped.

Monopoly
I played Monopoly with my kids last night. I am very competitive, so I didn't go easy on them. It didn't take long for me to beat them all. I bought up all the properties I could and put hotels on them. In the end, I bankrupted everyone.

Tammy and the Horse
Tammy loved to ride horses as a child. Her favorite horse to ride was Bongo. When Tammy grew up she left the farm and went to college. Tammy really missed riding her favorite horse Bongo. When Tammy came home she took Bongo out for a ride.

check cashing
Ed had just received his first paycheck. But he had no bank account! He had to go to a check cashing service. They cashed Ed's check for him. But they took a ten percent fee!

The Plane Ride
As Sue got on the plane, she began to get nervous. Her heart raced and her palms got sweaty. She almost turned back. Then she found her seat. She took a deep breath and prepared for take off.

Yogurt
Amy and a co-worker were on their lunch break. The co-worker took Amy to get frozen yogurt. It was Amy's first time trying frozen yogurt. She was surprised how much it was like Ice Cream. Amy told all her friends to try it when they were downtown.

Sally Finds a Roommate
Sally wanted to move to a new city. She needed to find a roommate in order to live comfortably. She put up advertisements online. She found another girl of similar age interested. They got coffee together and signed the lease that day.

Wrong Pitch
Miguel threw a pitch at salley. Instead of hitting the ball, she threw the bat. The audience had to move to the side to avoid the hit. The official sent her out of the game. Overall, she felt embarrassed.

The Ski Trip
Sharon's family rented a cabin to go skiing. They left the cabin in the morning and bought their ski tickets. They spent the entire day learning new skill moves and having fun. They then had dinner at a nearby lodge. They went back to the cabin and went to sleep.

The Window
A bank manager stood in his office reading reports. He became so bored with his work that he yawned. He stood up from his desk to get a break from his work. He walked to the window and watched people come into his bank. When he got enough entertainment he went back to his desk.

Shaken Soda Surprise
While stocking soda at his restaurant, Ed dropped a bottle of Coke. It did not burst open, but was shaken up very badly. He put it on the shelf anyway. The next customer in the store grabbed that coke for his meal. He opened it and Coke went everywhere and he was mad.

Ella
My son wanted to get a puppy. We went to the pound to look for one. We adopted a beautiful lab. We named her Ella. Now Ella has a home and my son is so happy.

Ice Cream
Jamie and Candice were going on a date. They could not decide what to do. Jamie did not want to go to a movie. Candice did not want to go for coffee. Finally, they settled on ice cream!

The Run Off
Sandra didn't want to hear that she was crazy. She wanted to keep her job and stay in control of her daughters. But Sandra's oldest daughter was 19 and wanted space. But Sandra scolded her over chores and still wouldn't let her drive. One evening Sandra came home to a goodbye note, her daughter ran away.

The News Crew
Stephanie always wanted to get the best scoop. She would stay up light driving around town to find it. One day she heard that there would be a big scoop down the street. She rushed over only to find an ice cream shop. Her crew found out it was her birthday and offered her a big scoop.

New Belt
Jay went to put his pants to get ready for work. He took out his only belt and put that on too. The belt was very tight on Jay. He had a very hard time getting it to stay on. Jay tossed aside the belt and said that he'd buy a new one.

Fast and too Furious
Tonight he was going to win the street race. He winked at the girl and told her to wait for him at the finish line. He told the other driver to get ready for a surprise. He engaged his newly installed nitro. The nitro exploded and flipped his car.

The moldy sink.
Katie had let her kitchen get pretty messy. Her sink had become full of dishes and water. After she washed the dishes, she drained the water. When the sink was empty she realized it was coated in mold. She used bleach to be sure that it was clean and safe.

Bad paint
When Kelly go home from school she smelled something bad. She went upstairs and realized her parents were painting the room. Kelly immediately ran to get a mask. Unfortunately that did not help. Kelly had to just sit outside.

Cooking Class
Amy couldn't cook. She decided to take a vegan cooking class. Amy took notes, and paid attention. When it was her turn to cook her food turned out perfect. The teacher showed the class Amy's dish as an example of how to cook.

Hung Up
Gina was on the phone with her friend Drea. Drea felt betrayed that Gina chose to go to North High. Gina hadn't told Andrea she wasn't going to be at Henry High. Drea had been looking for Gina all day. After 20 minutes Drea hung up on Gina.

Walk
Ivy was craving chips. She decided to drive to the store, a mile from her home. Then she remembered that her car was out of gas! Ivy had no choice but to walk all the way there. When she finally got the chips, they tasted all the better!

The tree gift.
Laney was chatting with some friends at the store. She mentioned that she hadn't gotten her Christmas tree yet. Then, her friend offered to give her her old tree. Laney thanked her a ton. Later, her friend dropped the tree off at her house.

Vacation
Dylan was excited to book his vacation. He searched online for the best travel location. Dylan found the perfect place! He spent the next few days booking his hotel and flight. Dylan left for vacation the next day.

The Marriage
Edna wanted her grown son to get married. She placed an ad in the newspaper one day. Two young women came to the house, but her son refused to meet them. He told his mother to leave him alone. Six months later, he met a woman, and they got married.

Cho Cho
When we open our hamster cage she crawls out. She always stuffs the pecan treats we give her in her pouch. Then she gives herself a bath. Usually she poops on us. That's when we put her back in her cage.

The Pet
Marshall had always wanted his own pet. One day, he went on a walk with his family in the woods. A big, yellow puppy bounded out of the trees. The puppy ran right up to Marshall and licked his face. Marshall's parents let him keep the puppy.

Group Activity
Our group was given a map with instructions. We were following the directions to arrive to a certain place. Everyone moved passed the cafeteria and portables. Once we reached the targeted area, we used shovels to dig the ground. We noticed a treasure chest in the ground.

Horror Movie
Bill was recently invited to the movies with a coworker. Bill was excited to get out the house and see a movie. Bill met the coworker and asked what movie they would be watching. Bill was shocked to find out that they were watching a Horror movie. Bill was mortified of horror movies, as he always has nightmares.

Pretest
Ricki signed up to take lifeguarding class to help her pool. She found out she had to take a pretest before she could sign up. She had to swim 8 lengths of the pool without stopping. She had to dive 10 feet to get a brick underwater. And she had to tread water for 3 minutes in the deep end.

The Road Trip
Sarah and her friends were about to go to different colleges. So, they decided to do one last thing together before they separated. Sarah suggested they road trip across the United States. Her friends agreed and they left a week later. On the trip, they had a great time and created amazing memories.

A Rescued Dog
Working at an animal shelter, Amy met a dog rescued from a puppy mill. He cringed fearfully in the back of his kennel when she approached. Gradually, he trusted her enough to walk up and sniff her hand. Eventually, Amy was able to take him for the first walk he'd ever had. She was so moved by his courage and heart, Amy adopted him.

No Traces
Sandy was eating a bag of chips. When she had to go to the bathroom, she left the bag on the table. Several classmates noticed the bag and started to eat it. They also left the bag on the table without throwing it away. Sandy noticed that her chips were gone and became mad.

An Act of Kindness
I had been on the bus for a day. I needed some caffeine to help stay awake. At the next stop I was getting a soda from the vending machine. A  woman was looking for change in her purse to get her son a snack. I gave them the rest of my change and walked off feeling good.

Attack by a Fish
Henry was about to swim in the ocean for the first time. He started to walk slowly from the shoreline. His dad remained behind him in case anything bad happens. A large fish suddenly jumped out of the water. In addition, it smacked Henry on the chest.

Chemical smell
My friend went to get a straightening treatment done yesterday. It took about three hours she said. She told me the worst part was the chemical smell. It ended up burning her scalp. She decided to lay off the treatments.

Writer's block
Mary decided to write a short story. She prepared by sharpening her pencil. She saw the blank paper and started to get nervous. Mary decided she should think through what she should write about. Mary completely forgot about her story.

Smith Family Boat Trip
The Smith family loved to go on day trips on their boat in the summer. One day, they decided it would be fun to take the kids to a new place. They chose to travel north to a beach that wasn't terribly far away. The children had a wonderful time and met a new friend to play with. They kept in touch with their friend even after they went home.

Once was Enough
The travel agent advised her against taking the bus from Kenya. Alice wanted to experience the country as fully as possible. The bus was full of people and luggage was piled on top. The gravel roads were very rough and the ride was bumpy. Alice  enjoyed the experience but took a private car back to the hotel

Warfare
My friends decided to meet inside my math teachers classroom. Before the discussion started, my math teacher went to the bathroom. My friend tried to throw a piece of clay at me. I got irritated and ended up throwing a larger piece at me. We ended up throwing more pieces around the room.

Resort Surprise
Kim checked into her resort and went to her room. She hung around the room for a while and went to take a walk She ran into a loose tiger in the hallway and screamed. Someone called the front desk for help. The front desk called animal control, who confiscated the tiger.

Break
Erin planned to take a 20 minute break from his homework. But he didn't feel very motivated to finish it. His break ended lasting 2 hours. And he struggled to finish his homework on time. Erin regret taking such a long break.

One Controller
Carl and Pablo were playing video games. But they only had one controller because their 2nd one broke. They had to take turns playing. But Carl was getting impatient. Their only controller left became broken too.

Greedy
Simon's boss put a dozen donuts in the break room for his employees. Simon's mouth watered as looked at the chocolate glazed donut. Just as he reached for it, his coworker grabbed it. His coworker then proceeded to take three more and walk away. Simon didn't like the other flavors, so he didn't have a donut.

Hosting a party.
Stephen wanted to have a house party. He invited some friends. Then he set up food and games. Finally, he put some good music on. His friends showed up and the party went well.

Walk
Greg went out to take a walk He went to the grocery store. He had no reason to buy anything. He bought an apple though. He ate it on the walk back.

Dance Partner
John was the only boy in his dance class. He wasn't sure he would get along with all of the girls. The teacher said it was time to find a partner. All of the girls wanted John as a partner. John liked being the only boy in his dance class.

Danger
The road was filled with traffic. In addition, there was a lot of fog on the roadway. In efforts to avoid confusion, I put on my high-beam lights. The cars next to be saw the light and stayed in their lane. I managed to get home safely.

One against One
Paul donned his fire suit and gathered his tools. He looked at the map and set a course. He got into the fire truck and began to drive. Paul felt the heat when he got close to the fire. He parked the car and assessed the situation.

New Zealand
Mary's family was from New Zealand. One summer, she went to visit her relatives who still lived there. She took many pictures of the beautiful scenery. When the trip was over, she was very sad to leave. On the flight home, she made plans to visit again!

Mimi Goes Skateboarding
Mimi got a skateboard and kneepads for her birthday. She was very excited to try out her new skateboard. Mimi was in such a hurry, she forgot to put on her knee pads. While skateboarding, Mimi fell and scraped her knees! Mimi vowed to wear knee pads while skateboarding from then on.

Nuts!
The jewel thief ran with the cops close on his trail. Ducking into a store, he put the leather bag in a plastic one. He then mingled with the shoppers, confident in his deception. When the thief put down his bag, a helpful stock boy picked it up. The bag the stock boy left contained only peanut butter.

Flight Fears
I always hated flying. It scared me terribly to the point I avoided it. Last time I had to fly I decided to take medication first. It was supposed to calm my nerves. It calmed me too much and I slept through my alarm.

Slug club
My wife always joked I was in the slug club at work. It is a reference to the club mentioned in Harry Potter. My boss only likes to take certain people out to dinner. He has a group that he considers his inner circle. But since I'm in the slug club I get to enjoy great meals.

Eating Competition
Reece loved pie. He decided to enter a contest. He ate five pies in 20 minutes. His friend Tyler ate six pies in 20 minutes. Reece was bummed about not winning.

The Puppy who Loved to Chew
Herb had finally allowed his children to get a puppy. But the puppy loved to chew Herb's shoes. The puppy also loved to steal Herb's food. But the puppy was so cute. Herb loved him and didn't regret getting him.

Now He's A Grandfather
Charles was forty one years His daughter was twenty and they didn't get along. But his daughter called him and invited him to her apartment. Charles hurried there, not knowing what the issue could be. Inside her apartment he met his three month old grandson.

Cade
Cade loved watching TV all the time. His mom fretted, afraid that Case wouldn't find a good job. After all, watching TV all day didn't give one many job skills! But then Cade did a surprising thing to ease her mind. He finished school- and began work as a television critic!

Yes!
Daniel loved his girlfriend Delilah. He decided to propose to her. He bought a ring a set up a beautiful date! Sadly, while riding to the restaurant it decided to rain. Daniel decided to just propose in the car and Delilah said yes!

Car Show
Javi loved classic cars. He would attend car shows and wish that he could participate. Javi decided to buy an old car and fix it up. When he finished he entered his first car show. Javi won first place and was super proud of his car.

Day at The Park
I had no school today since it's Veteran's Day. Therefore, I decided to go to the park with my friends. We mostly played basketball together. Eventually, it started to rain outside. As a result, we went home early.

Being Rewarded
Howard was working late last night. He needed some extra money for a birthday present for his wife. After getting off of work, he decided to go to the Jewelry store. He ended up purchasing a diamond necklace. His wife was amazed when she saw it.

New Shoes
Omar was disappointed with how slow he could run a mile. And he blamed it on his heavy shoes. He spent hours looking for new shoes and bought the perfect pair. Omar decided to run a mile again. But he was only a few seconds faster.

Social
Tim wanted to meet a nice girl to date. He decided to take a yoga class to help socialize. He met a like minded nice girl. They began dating. They eventually fell in love and got married.

Advisory
Amy had Advisory for her first class of the day. It was her first day at this new school. The teacher was quirky which somehow put her at ease. The teacher made a lot of jokes and the kids all laughed. Amy thought for sure she was going to like this new school.

Bryce
Bryce found a cat near his house. The cat appeared hungry and scared so he fed the cat. He put up posters for the cat but no one responded. Finally he resigned to being a cat owner. Bryce was glad he found the cat.

A Day of Reading
Travis was supposed to go cycling, but it just started raining. Dejected, he sat down on the couch. Then he spotted a book he read a decade ago. He dove into the book and read 300 pages during the day. By the time night came, he was glad that it rained.

Lost and Afraid
Lucy was at her grandparents when she got lost. She didn't know how to get back to their house. She tried to remain calm and retrace her steps. She walked back the way she thought she came. After 20 minutes she began to panic.

Grocery Store
We all went to the store. My daughter wanted to buy a pizza. My son wanted to throw a fit. We walked down every aisle and I grabbed what I needed. We made it to the checkout before anything horrible happened.

Snow Day
Mom woke Ryan up and told him there was no school today. It had snowed and there was a beautiful blanket of snow on the ground. Ryan had breakfast and hurriedly got ready to go build a snowman. It didn't take long however, until Ryan was back indoors. The next day, mom woke him up and told him to get ready for school.

Firefly
Leah loved fireflies. Every spring she took a jar and caught some. She set the jar by her table to admire them. As she grew up, though, she realized that the bugs were dying. So, she admired the fireflies from her window instead.

Ugly Purse
I decided to go shopping for a new purse. I bought a crocodile skin purse. I took it to my first day of work. Alas, my coworkers laughed at the purse. That's when I realized I had bad fashion taste.

Bubble Bath
Amanda got home one night and was very tired. She decided to take a bubble bath. She started the water and poured in the bubbles. Amanda undressed and stepped into the tub. She sank into the hot water and drifted off for a nap.

Puppy Love
I adopted two dogs a few Year's ago, a male and a female. The adoption place never informed me that they weren't fixed. They ended up have eight puppies together! There was no way I could manage ten dogs total so I sold the puppies. I ended up making one thousand dollars and found homes for the dogs.

Going to the Farm
June decided to take her children to visit a neighboring farm. She got the kids dressed and loaded into the car. When they got to the farm, they were met by the farmer. June and her children got to visit with all the different animals. When they left, the children waved farewell to the farmer.

Flipping the House
Tom bought a foreclosed townhouse. It was very cheap and Tom was a handyman. He fixed up the place real nice all by himself for very cheap. Within a year Tom put the house on the market. He sold the house for over twice what he paid for it!

Something New
Amy went to get frozen yogurt on her break. She was sad they didn't have her favorite flavor. She decided to try something new instead. To her dismay new flavor clashed with her toppings. Amy ended up throwing most of the yogurt in the trash.

Touchdown
The ball was thrown to me. There was 11 seconds left and I decided to run with the ball. Since two guards were running toward me, I threw the ball. My teammate, who was open, caught the ball and ran. He scored a touchdown.

An Apple
Kelly's mom said she was going to get an Apple. Kelly didn't think her mom was going to get her a phone yet. So she was beyond excited. Her mom came home that night with a bag. Kelly's face fell when she was it was actually a piece of fruit.

Shopping
Ray and Tina were at the mall. And Tina wanted to go shopping. Tina said she would only buy a few dresses. So Ray said he would wait for her. Two hours passed before Ray decided to leave.

Video Games
Ben had been playing video games all day. His mom was annoyed and thought he was wasting his day. She told him to go do something else. Ben told her he didn't want to. His mom unplugged his TV and told him to listen to her.

Suspicious Discovery
There was a shootout a few minutes ago. The person who murdered his friend decided to run away. He tried to hide in an abandoned neighbor until an hour later. When he got out, a huge light was aimed towards him. A helicopter stopped in the air and warned him to not run.

Mother In Law
Angela married the man of her dreams. Her new husband worked out of town a lot. His mother got sick and had to move in with the couple. Angela worked full time outside of the home. Because Angela's mother in law was sick she stayed home.

Mike's Struggle
Mike had to pass a test to get the job he wanted. The test was extremely difficult so Mike studied hard. He didn't pass it on the first try so he studied even more. Finally, Mike passed the test on his third try. Then, he got the job.

On Safari
The family took a vacation to Africa to take a safari trip. They had their cameras charged and ready to take pictures of animals. Early in the morning they set out with their tour guide and group. Many animals were seen, including some lions relaxing in the shade. The kids decided it was the best family vacation ever.

Jamie
Jamie is working to be a banker. she loves helping people get the finances they need. She succeeds in school and gets a great position. She quickly works up the ranks. She now owns her own branch.

Miniature Dining Room
Joe ordered a dining room set off of the internet for his wife. It was to be a big anniversary surprise. It was a great price at $150 for a table and 6 chairs. When the delivery man came to the door he was carrying a small box. Joe had ordered doll furniture by mistake!

Finding Jesus
John felt like life had no meaning. John decided to go look for meaning. He studied all sorts of religions at various temples. John decided he liked Christianity the best. John converted and now his life had meaning.

Long Line Inspirations
Universal Studios in Florida is my favorite theme park. My Dad and his boyfriend took me there over Thanksgiving. While standing in a long line we played Heads Up to pass the time. My Dad almost fell over backwards when the stone dragon breathed fire. This lead to a discussion about new Heads Up categories.

Checkup
Raven went to the doctors She had to get her checkup. The doctor said everything is fine with her. The doctor gave her a lollipop and hand sanitizer. She was happy about the outcome.

Justin's Party
Justin wanted to throw a holiday party. He prepared by decorating his house and making a lot of food. On the night of the party he waited for his friends to arrive. After an hour of waiting, he was sad because nobody showed. He then realized that he forgot to invite anyone!

Tornado Sighting
I went to visit my sister who lived in a neighborhood on a hill. A big storm with dark clouds blew in. The neighbors came to the door. They told us that there was a tornado in the sky to the north. We all went outside and watched the tornado until it was gone.

Pip's Parade
Pip wanted to throw a pretend parade in his yard. He asked his older brothers to march with him. Then he decorated their clothes with glitter and yarn. He asked his mom to come and watch them. Then Pip led the best parade ever!

Clean Water
Emil was traveling in India and became thirsty. There was no clean water nearby. Emil was scared that he would have to go thirsty. Then, Emil remembered that he carried purification tablets in his bag. Emil used the tablets so that he could drink clean water.

Coin Toss
John decided he would make all his decisions by flipping a coin. On his first day of doing this, the coin told him to walk to work. John made the four mile journey on foot. He got to work on time, but covered in embarrassing sweat marks. John decided to return to normal decision making rather than the coin.

Surprise
Angel had a bad day at work and did not want to cook. She suggested the family go out to eat or order in. Adam did not want to go out to eat and planned a surprise instead. He went to the kitchen and started cooking. He surprised Angel with her favorite meal with dessert included!

Tin Foil Hat
Roger was always suspicious of everything. This afternoon, he set out to enhance his tin foil hat. He started cutting the heavy duty foil he just purchased from online. He cut the foil into pre-cut shapes and started to bend them. He ended up with an enhanced hat, which he tried on for size.

Overdue
A man hired a contractor to make him a cement walkway. The man didn't pay the contractor for months. The contractor decided to get revenge. He poured a big load of cement onto the man's front door. The man was now trapped in his own house.

Ambitionz az a ridah
Paco had ambitions of riding horses. He bought a pretty pony and learned how to take care of it. Paco then took lessons on how to ride the horse. He got really good at it and started bragging to his friends. Now everyone knows his ambitions as a rider came to fruition.

Bad Impression
Elena woke up in the morning. She had a hangover from last night and felt sick. However, she managed to fix herself and go to her job interview. It was hard for her to present herself since she was dizzy. The boss thought of her as unreliable and didn't hire her.

Peter's Guilty Pleasure
Peter really wanted a new bicycle, but didn't have the money. He decided to take some money from his mom's hidden savings. He got his bike, but discovered he felt too guilty to enjoy it. He returned the money, even though it was never missed, and the bike. He started saving from his odd jobs, planing to get the bike that way.

Ear Drum
When Nancy sneezed, her right ear started to burn. Although she didn't know what was happening, she went to her mom. They decided to go to the hospital. The doctor diagnosed Nancy with an inflamed ear inflammation. She also prescribed some medication to Nancy.

Grand Tents
Chad put up 3 tents. The family then went to sleep. A tornado arrived in the camping area and picked up the tents. Everyone is now leaving to find a hotel. The sun comes up to the family staying in a grungy hotel.

The Work Out
Craig wanted to get in better shape. He decided to do a video workout. He tried his hardest to keep up. The next day he was intensely sore. He stopped working out because of it.

Plane Trip
Sam was very nervous. He was about to take his first plane ride. He breathed deeply and tried to relax. When the plane took off, he realized something surprising. He found flight fun and exhilarating!

Music Lessons
I wanted to learn guitar. So, I decided to take music lessons. My teacher was very skilled and very nice. Alas, he was not a good teacher. I fired him and hired a better teacher.

Clogged Drain
Jim needed to take a shower. But his shower drain was clogged. He had no time to fix it. And he rushed to school. That day, everyone avoided Jim.

The broken eggs.
Sarah had just returned from the grocery store. She was trying to carry several bags at once. Suddenly, one bag tore open. A carton of eggs fell onto the driveway. Sara opened the carton and saw that all of the eggs were broken.

The Story Teller
Alex loved to write short, fictional stories. His dream was to one day be a famous author. He would write everyday to get better. Finally he submitted a story for publication. His story was purchased and Alex got published!

Growing family
Dan's wife Jane was pregnant again. They already had 3 kids. Dan decided it was time to get a larger car. He wanted an SUV but they were out of his budget. Dan ended up with a new Mini-van.

Gondola
When Mary visited I wanted to treat her to a Gondola ride. My neighborhood is one of the few places where you can ride a Gondola. I made a reservation with my credit card, paying nearly 200 dollars. I escorted Mary to the docks and we loaded the Gondola. We had a beautiful sunset Gondola ride that evening.

Making Substitutions
Micah wanted to make a smoothie. They got some bananas and strawberries and put them in a blender. Then Micah checked the fridge for orange juice, but there wasn't any! Thinking resourcefully, Micah found vanilla ice cream in the freezer. Soon, they were enjoying a delicious strawberry-banana milkshake!

Sleepy
Edison was awake all night long. The next morning, he was very tired. Edison decided to drive a car. He crashed his car while driving. Edison is in the hospital.

Deceitful Person
While I was in the lunch line, someone called me. He kindly asked if I can get a cookie for him. However, I told him no since it would be unfair that he gets more food As a result, he ended up mad and walked away. We were on bad terms for the remainder of the school year.

Nerves
Steve was very nervous to ask Tina out on a date. Steve had liked Tina for months now, but they never really spoke. Steve got encouragement from his friends to ask her to hang out. Steve gathered courage and asked Tina to study together that night. Tina said yes and soon they started dating each other!

Public Library
Gina needed books on dolphins for a project at school. But all the ones had been checked out of the school library. She decided to go to the public library to check out books At the library she searched for the books she needed. She was upset to find there were none there either.

House Fire
The firefighters ran inside the house to rescue the kids. They managed to take Bill out however, Jane was still inside. She was scared to make any move since the fires were large. The firefighter told her to run through an opening. Although she got burned on the band, she ended up making it.

Clumsy
During class, I saw a beautiful girl drop her pen. I reached down to pick it up for her. She thanked me with a smile. I then asked her if she was free on the weekend. I got her number and we went on a date.

Broken Foot
Last night I was stumbling around in the dark. I was sleeping and wanted to get something to drink. I tripped over the area rug and broke my foot. I had to go to the emergency room and get a cast. Now I turn on the lights everywhere I go.

Compost
Roan and his family ate a lot of fruits and veggies. Roan didn't want to waste the peels, so he found a solution. He set up a compost heap in his backyard for the peels and shells. The compost decomposed and nourished the plants in Roan's garden. Roan was glad he had come up with such a 'green' idea!

The best day.
One day Adam wanted to take anger out on a date. He figured he should call her and tell her. He called her and told her to get ready. Angel wore a beautiful blue dress. Adam told Angel she looked very lovely.

Taking a Break
It was a long bicycle ride under the hot sun. I decided to take a rest and sit down for a bit. I found shade under a nice tree. I laid out and stretched. Then the paramedics arrived thinking I was a dead body.

Ornament on Top
Steven purchased a star for his tree at home. It was very large and bright. He put the star on the top most branch pointing upwards. The star was so large compared to the tree however. The tree couldn't support the ornament, and he had to get a new one.

The Not So Private Investigator
Trent was a private investigator. He was following someone for a client and tried to stay hidden. Suddenly, the person he was trailing noticed him. He asked him what he was doing and complained to the client. Trent ended up losing his good reputation in the field.

Eh, What's Up, Doc?
Jim Bob heard a loud snapping sound. He ran out to the backyard where he'd set a trap. A huge jackrabbit was caught, struggling to get out of it. Jim Bob stomped on its neck, breaking it. He wears one of its feet in memory of the delicious stew it made.

The Terrible Headache
Samantha felt terrible at work. Her head felt like it was splitting wide open. She requested to take the day off because of her headache. She drove home and took a hot shower. She took an advil and fell asleep.

Biking Speedily
Reggie was 12 years old when he got his first real bicycle. He rode around and then found friends to ride around with. His friends were much more skilled than he was and bigger. He tried to keep up by not using his brakes down the hill like them. He turned slightly and hit gravel throwing him over his handlebars.

Tuning
Sam kept trying to tune her guitar. She couldn't get one string right. Her digital tuner kept telling her it was wrong. She tried different adjustments. Eventually she realized her digital tuner needed a new battery.

Four Minutes
My wife is threatening me to come to her or else she will leave. After coming out of work, I drove quickly to see her. After arriving home, I decided to wait in the front. When she opened the door, she had several suitcases with her. She told me that she was leaving me and our relationships.

horoscope
Anna had a big event coming up. She decided to consult her horoscope. She wanted to see if it would go well. Her horoscope told her she'd have great success on that day. Anna was relieved and encouraged.

The Science Project
Bill had a science project to complete. He chose two batteries to see which one lasted the longest. He put the batteries in a toy car. The toy cars raced for a long time. The blue car stopped, which meant the experiment was over!

Whispers
My friend Brianna whispered to me in class. The teacher turned around and yelled at me. My friend let me get in trouble. I didn't talk to her for the rest of the day. We were no longer friends.

Learning to ride a bike
I got a bike for my sixth birthday. I had trouble learning to ride it. I got on but couldn't balance and pedal at the same time. I tried rolling down the driveway. That gave me enough momentum to balance and pedal my bike.

Greedy Babies
Henry left a box of salted crackers on top of the table. His twin kids managed to take it by using a stool. Since they didn't have lunch yet, they devoured the crackers. When Henry came back into the living room, he found the box. It was lying on the ground, empty inside.

Bringing baby home.
A woman had a baby. When she was ready to leave the hospital, she packed her bag. Her husband brought the car around and helped her load things up. They put the baby in a car seat and strapped him in the car. Then, the family drove home.

Ronald and the iphone
Ronald was really excited to get the newest iphone. He waited in line for hours until he finally bought one. He was so excited that he immediately took it out of the package. Ronald ran back home but ended up tripping and breaking it. Ronald was angry with himself and had to walk back to the store.

Dan returns
Dan hadn't been to Jake's house in a week. When he returned he asked Jake to drive his Power Wheels truck. Jake wouldn't let him. When Jake went to the bathroom Dan drove the truck. Jake yelled at Dan for playing with his toy.

Underweight
Sara felt pressured to gain weight. Her doctor said she was an unhealthy weight. So she ate larger portions for every meal. After a month, Sara never gained weight and felt less healthy. Sara went back to her normal diet and felt better later.

Roof Leak
Mike noticed it was raining outside. Then, he noticed water was coming from his ceiling, as well! He put a bucket under the roof leak and called a roofer. When the weather was better, the roofer came to fix the leak. Mike was proud of himself for taking good care of his home.

Sharp Objects
I was doing arts and crafts in my Spanish class. I asked my friend if she can bring the scissors. She got it from the basket and walked to me. Since she didn't look at the scissors, she ended up stabbing me. I ended up with a bruise.

Taking in the Pain
Harry was playing with his baby cousin. He tried to throw a softball at the baby. He ended up hitting Harry in between his legs. Harry stood on one knee slowly breathing. No one noticed anything since he was quiet.

My Shoes!
Brian's wife had 100 pairs of shoes. When it was time to go out, Pam never knew which shoes to wear. Brian donated 99 pairs of shoes to the local woman's shelter. Pam knows which shoes to wear now. Pam and Brian have since gotten divorced.

Balloon Safari
Our safari included a hot-air balloon trip. We had to leave in the middle of the night for the morning trip. Crossing the Serengeti, our truck had a flat tire. We had to wait outside the truck in the dark and were scared. The tire was fixed and we made it to the balloon trip just in time.

Hamster
I always wanted to have a pet. Last week my mom finally took me to the pet store. She let me get a hamster. I like my hamster because his fur is dark brown. I love my new pet!

Spilled trash
Harrison needed to take his trash out of his kitchen. He grabbed the bags and walked out his front door. He walked down his driveway and put his bags into the trash can. When he put the last bag in the can, the whole thing fell over. After the trash spilled everywhere, Harrison had to clean it up.

going to college
I was leaving my hometown to go to college. College was four hours away. I packed all of my things. I said goodbye to my girlfriend. I started to drive to Eau Claire Wisconsin.

The Mechanic
Tom's car wasn't working right. So he decided to take it to a mechanic. The mechanic looked at his car. Then, he told Tom how much it would cost him to get it fixed. Tom was very surprised at how much money it would cost.

The Bread is Burning
Kim was nearly finished cooking when she put the bread in the oven. She then set the table. She lit a couple of candles for ambiance. Joe was just coming in the door when the burning smell filled the room. Kim had forgotten about the bread.

Accident on Purpose
Jane was running on top of the building. She decided to jump across a pipe to get to the other side. However, she slipped and fell. Her friend John had to go to her and seek help. Later that day, she was taken to the ambulance.

freezer burn
Nina went to the beach. She laid down to get a tan. But then she dozed off. When she woke, hours had passed. Nina had gotten a sunburn.

Going to the mall
I was feeling very social one day. I put on a nice set of clothes. I got into my car and went on the road. I drove to the mall and met up with friends. We had food and looked around.

Gas
I decided to get some lunch. I went to a hamburger shop. I ordered a triple patty hamburger. It gave me very bad gas. I realized I should not eat so much beef.

Surfing
Caroline decided to take a surfing class at the beach. She rented a surfboard and went out with her instructor. Every time she tried, she ended up falling off and into the water. After the day of hard work, she decided surfing wasn't for her. Now she likes to build sandcastles when she goes to the beach.

Ride the Bannister
Kim loved to ride the Bannister like she saw on TV. Her mother told her it was dangerous but she kept doing it. One day her mother told her to stop so she doesn't get hurt. She started only riding it when her mother wasn't around. One day her mother caught her and gave her a spanking.

Katy Crosses
Katie needed to cross the street by herself. Being seven, she hadn't done it by herself before. She looked left then right. The coast was clear. She crossed the street successfully and was full of pride.

Don for President
Don liked being powerful. He decided to run for President so he could be more powerful. He ran for President. He lost very badly. He was mad.

The Deep End
Dominique was taking swimming lessons. She was scared of the deep end. In order to pass her class she had to swim to the deep end. So her mom pushed her off the edge of the pool. Dominique swam and never looked back.

Lost money
Josh just had a check in his hand. He walked in the house from his truck. He thought he put it on the table. He looked back in his truck. The check was laying on the ground.

Bear In The Woods
The Johnson family loved to go hiking. They hiked every summer. Last summer they saw a bear on their hike. They were scared when they saw the bear. They never went hiking again.

spring
It was cold when we got up. We put on long sleeves and jackets. We went to the park. The temperature went up fast. We should have worn short sleeves.

Planes
Ian had never flown on a plane. He wanted to travel across the country. While at the airport Ian became nervous. He boarded the plane. Upon landing he realized planes weren't so bad.

Drunk Driver
Jake was drinking at the club. He decided to drive home. He thought he was sober enough. A cop pulled him over. Jake was given several tickets for driving drunk.

Dieting
My health began to slip as I got older. My doctor told me to change my diet to eat less fat. I began to follow his advice while eating. I ate healthy foods for months and felt a change. Even at an old age, I felt healthy again.

Limited
Bus drivers were on strike in Amy's town. There was limited service, but there was no bus from her job. Her boss took her downtown to take a bus home. There were only a few buses so they were all packed. Amy had to stand on an overcrowded bus 20 minutes to get home.

Geology
Today I got a ride in a helicopter. We got to fly and look at rock formations. It was very exciting and informational. I decided that I would really like to study geology. I am going to enroll in my local college for geology classes.

Mountain Fresh
Kim went hiking up a tall mountain peak one day. She was not wearing the appropriate shoes. She came across a creek that she had to walk through. She fell in the creek and was gently washed by the water. She honestly felt great after that since it was a warm day.

A nice cab driver.
Karen was taking a taxi to the store. When they arrived the driver realized he hadn't set the meter. They had no clue how much it cost. He waved Karen off, saying that it was on the house. Karen hesitated but then thanked him.

Fly Boy
Ed took out his airplane for fun on a cloudy day. Some of the clouds started to get dark as he flew. Eventually Ed got stuck in a thunderstorm. He had to land the plane on the road down below. Many cars rushed out of the way to make room for his plane.

The new Brother
Sally's mom told her she was going to get a brother. Sally was excited to be a big sister. She told he mom she would help babysit. One night Sally mom went to the ER. The next Sally had her baby brother.

Joel's apartment
Joel was moving to the city. He needed a place to live, but couldn't find anything affordable. Finally, Joel checked the local newspaper. He saw an ad for a 1 bedroom apartment that he could afford. After calling the landlord, Joel moved in.

The Job Hunt
Ben was a college student with no money. He decided he needed to get a job. Been applied all over town to restaurants and stores. Finally, he got a couple of interviews. Ben took a job as a waiter.

Casino Day's
Molly loved to go to the Casino to gamble. She would always spend a lot. She took five hundred dollars and bet it all on one game. She lost everything. Molly never went back to the casino again.

The Funniest Zoo Trip Ever
Mary loved to visit the zoo. Today, Daddy took her to see the elephants. While they watched, one came very close. Then, it stretched out its trunk and grabbed her daddy's hat! Mary laughed and thought it was the funniest zoo trip ever!

Long Wait
Jasmine and her dad love Star Wars. The new movie is about to show in 2 days. They decide to wait in front of the theater for tickets. When they get there, they see a line of campers. Jasmine and her dad were able to wait and got tickets.

Getting Suspended
Terrance like bacon, but not so much to get suspended from school. At lunch he ate a chicken bacon ranch sandwich from Subway. In chemistry class he fell asleep. While sleeping he moaned, I love chicken bacon ranch so much. His teacher kicked him out of class and he was suspended.

Old Friends
Carlton hated to get rid of his encyclopedia set. He took it the Goodwill store down the street. In his car, he silently said goodbye. The salesclerk told him they couldn't accept his donation. He happily took them home.

Donald's Cancer Treatments
Donald was diagnosed with lung cancer. He was devastated by his diagnosis. Donald was able to get into a clinical trial. His cancer began to clear up with the treatments. Today, Donald's cancer is in remission.

The Class Reunion
Alissa received an invitation to her class reunion. She reluctantly decided that she would attend it. The night of the reunion, she saw many people she used to know. A girl who once bullied her came up to her and apologized. Alissa was shocked that her bully still remembered about this.

Sweet Dreams
Every night I have the same dream. I dream of chocolate fountains and red candies. I'm starting to think that I shouldn't go to bed hungry. I woke up in the middle of the night and headed to my fridge. I found some red candies, ate them and went back to bed.

Snake Burns Down House.
A woman who was afraid of snakes saw one outside her house. She ran and grabbed some gas and coated the snake. She set the snake on fire and it slithered into a pile of dried leaves The leaves caught fire which set her house on fire, burnin it down. It was the funniest new article I've ever read!

Hiking
Julie decided to go for a hike. She put supplies in her backpack. She started down the hiking trail. It took longer than she thought. She had to hurry to make it back before sunset.

New Phone
Katy loved her new phone. She bought an expensive case for it online. It was supposed to arrive in a few days. Unfortunately Katy already dropped her phone. The screen cracked and it won't work right anymore.

Christmas Shopping
I was having a hard time picking out a gift for my mother. It was almost Christmas and I wanted to get her something really good. I searched high and low, all over the mall. Finally, I found a stuffed animal that looked just like her dog. I had found the perfect Christmas gift.

A Christmas walk
One December day, I was feeling pretty sad. I decided that a walk might cheer me up. I walked outside and it was very foggy. I walked down the streets and saw christmas light on houses. I walked back home and felt better.

Stay Safe
Jim bought a safe to hold all his guns. He tried to break into the safe to test out its strength. Jim swung a bat at the safe but nothing happened. Then he hit it with a hammer for a long time. Eventually the door popped open.

Repaying the Pastor
Pastor Brown lived next door. One year there was a terrible snowstorm. It was easier for him to stay in than to risk his health shoveling. I hated seeing him stuck so I decided to help. It took all day but I finally cleared his steps and driveway.

We took the dog to the vet on Tuesday.
Our dog, Brody, needed some vaccinations we realized on Monday. After calling the vet, we took him to get these vaccinations. Once we arrived, the people were very nice to us. It didn't take long at all for him to be seen and get his shots. These people were awesome and now our dog feels great!

Getting First Cell Phone
Martha was very excited to get her very first cell phone today. Martha drove over to the Verizon store and browsed the iphones. A salesperson was happy to help Martha pick the perfect phone. Martha ended up picking a pink iphone 6s that was just devine. As Martha drove home, she was bursting with happiness.

america
Columbus wanted to find a route to India. He felt sure he could sail west and arrive there. He got ships from the Spanish rulers. Then he sailed west to discover India. But instead, he discovered America!

Goodbye
Tom got up early and got ready for his day. He put on his best suit and made sure he looked his best. He got in his car and drove to where his mom was. He walked in and was greeted by family and friends. He then approached the coffin and said his goodbye to his mom.

The Bouncing Ball
Gray had a lot of toys, but his favorite was his bouncing ball. The ball had a handle that he could hold on to while he bounced. He bounced on his ball every day, from morning until night. One day, Gray bounced so hard his bouncing ball popped. He was so sad, but his mom went and bought him another bouncing ball.

Feeling sick
Yesterday I went to the town fair. The weather was hot and humid. After I went on a ride I started to feel sick. I immediately went to the trash can. I ended up getting sick.

Kitty Treats
My cat loves getting treats. She goes above and beyond in an effort to earn them. We recently had a mouse get inside. She woke us up by playing with the mouse on our bed. Even though I was angry, I gave her a treat.

Frozen Door Handle
It was a really cold day outside. Jim was getting ready to go to work. He tried to open the door of his car to start it. It was frozen shut. Jim had to use a hairdryer to unfreeze his door handle.

At the Beach
Joe went to the beach. Joe brought a towel with him. Joe put the towel on the sand and sunned himself all day. Joe's back was solid red, because he forgot the sunscreen. Joe had to sleep on his chest for a month.

Playing Hooky
Joe met his friend Al at the bus stop. They decided they would skip school to go to the arcade. As Joe was putting a quarter into a machine he looked up. Al's mother was walking towards them. She had seen them through the window as she was passing by.

Baby Brother
Charlie is an only child. He has always wanted a baby brother to play with. He asked his parents if he could get a baby brother one day. One day Charlie's parents told him that they had very exciting news. Charlie will be getting a new brother in a few months!

Cruise Blues
Anna won a pair of tickets for a cruise. She invited her boyfriend, Zach, to join her. Zach agreed to go even though he hates boats. While on the cruise, Zach got terrible motion sickness. Anna had to take care of him the entire trip.

Lying Easily
Jim asked Brooke if they can go out. She told him to pick her up around 8 o'clock. When Jim arrived to the house, she wasn't there. Therefore, he called her on the phone. She didn't answer.

Feathered Revenge
The finch flew low across the street. A Porsche failed to slow down and nearly hit the finch. The finch was so flustered he could barely hold his bowels. He alighted on a cable above the Porsche at a red light intersection. Revenge was his.

Ice Cream
Bob wanted to take his daughter out for ice cream. They got in their car and drove to Dairy Queen. Bob ordered 2 chocolate sundaes. He paid with cash and left the restaurant. He forgot spoons so they had to wait until they got home to eat.

SUR Restaurant
Kelly was so excited to go to SUR restaurant for the first time She had seen the waitstaff on television and was excited to meet them. When she got to the restaurant she was greeted sweetly. While she was eating her meal, Kelly was happy how great the food was. At the end of the night, she was thrilled she ate there.

Coupons
Janet was hungry for lunch. She had lots of coupons. She didn't know which place was the best offer. Eventually she finally decided. But by then her lunch hour was over.

The Bank Robbery
Anita went inside her bank expecting to make a withdraw. The man behind her yelled everyone get down, he had a gun. Anita ducked but another man didn't. He told the bank robber to show his gun. Then he punched the man trying to rob the bank, who didn't have a gun.

Bed
I was very, very tired. So I put on my pajamas. I went to make my bed. However, there was an alligator in my bed. I fell asleep next to it.

The Nose Bleed
Jane's daughter sue came to her with a nose bleed. Jane told the child to hold her head back and hold a tissue. Sue was panicky and scared and Jane had a hard time calming her. The child kept pushing the tissue away and crying. 20 minutes later the nosebleed stopped and Jane had a mess to clean.

The Flower Pot
Sarah bought a flower pot at a yard sale for one dollar. She took it home and cleaned it up with a fresh coat of paint. Sarah decided to go to the flower shop and buy a plant for it. She bought a rose bush and planted it in the pot. Two weeks later it had little pink roses blooming on it.

The Dare
Erin hates roller coasters. Erin and her friends are going to an amusement park. Her friends want her to ride a roller coaster. They dare her to ride one. She rides the roller coaster and screams the entire time.

Mandy's Just Needs Cheese
Mandy sent her husband to the store for cheese. She told him to only get cheese. When he came home, he had three bags of groceries. Mandy shook her head in disbelief. She made a mental note not to send him to the store anymore.

Hurriedly
Gina was in a hurry to get to the store. She'd just stepped out the gate when her neighbor stopped her. He was looking for her dad. She had no idea where he was, but he was holding her up. She smiled politely and began her journey.

Sober
Ed liked to drink, but he often got carried away. He tried to stay clean for his girlfriend, but failed. When they wed, he thought he could stay clean for his wife, but no. Then his wife gave birth to a beautiful baby girl! Ed has not touched a drink since her birth, seven years ago.

Jeff
Jeff is very strong and muscular. He loved to help friends with lifting furniture. He helped his best friend move one day. Jeff discovered what he wanted to do with his life. Jeff started his own moving company.

Sweeter Medicine
Jean needed to give her dog Tiny a flea pill. She stuck the pill in a chunk of cheese to fool her pet. Tiny sniffed the chunk of cheese and turned away. Jean retrieved the pill and stuffed it in a soft cookie. Tiny stood on her legs to grab the rare treat.

Worms in the rain
It was getting dark and Amy needed to get home. As she rode her bike she was running over worms. They were everywhere she looked. The covered the road in anticipation of the rain. She decided to walk her bike home to spare the worms.

Apple Orchard
Mary asked George to drive her to the apple orchard. They arrived at the orchard George picked. Mary was quite upset. George was confused about her reaction. They left the horse apple orchard before George figured it out.

Put it Out
Dan bought a bbq grill this afternoon. He wa excited to have his first cookout. He put the charcoal in and added the lighting fluid. He didn't know you shouldn't use the whole bottle of fluid. Dan needs to buy a new grill and patio deck now.

Kitchen Herb Garden
Willow really wanted to have fresh herbs to enjoy year-round. She bought seeds and starter pots to sprout. They were placed where they would get plenty of sun. Once sprouted she transplanted them into small pots. Now, she keeps a shelf of herbs growing at all times.

Bicycle Lesson
Nancy's dad tried to teach her to ride a bike on the road. When he gave the bike a push, Nancy and the bike tumbled over. Nancy was too scared to try again. Later, Nancy visited at a friend who had an extra bike. Nancy learned to ride with the friend riding alongside.

Trolley Part
I found a trolley part in the garbage near a carhouse. It was the controller on a 1930s trolley. I put it up for sale on eBay. I made $59. I went back to the carhouse but found nothing else.

Dad
Mike always loved to go fishing. One day, he went to the lake and set his gear up. He waited patiently for a fish to nibble his line. He finally felt a tug and snapped his fishing pole to hook the fish! He was so excited to show his friends his catch!

Mistaken Identity
Jack gets mistaken for famous chef David Miller at a local restaurant. He is going to tell them the truth until the give him their best table They continue to pamper him all night thinking he is David Miller. Everything is great until two mob goons show up looking for David. They leave when Jack's shows them a picture of the real David Miller.

Skylight
A man wanted to put in a skylight in his house. He took out a saw and began to cut a hole in his roof. The saw gave him a hard time so he took a break. The man laid down on the roof to unwind a bit. In doing so he carelessly dropped the saw from the roof.

Painful Frisbee
Carl was playing Frisbee with his brother and his dog. But he wanted to have fun. So he tried to catch it with his mouth like his dog. But Carl hurt his mouth and broke teeth. Carl's brother felt very embarrassed.

Time To Travel
Bill was looking forward to a quiet weekend at home. His daughter called him from college to say her car was broke down. Bill sighed as he put his tools in the trunk of his car. He was going to spend his weekend traveling. Bill fixed her car but missed out on the quiet weekend.

Deer
My friend took a ride in her car with her sister. She lives in a rural part of Colorado. As she was driving, a deer ran in front of her car! Unfortunately, she struck the deer. Her car was ruined.

The Lake
I recently bought a new boat to take the family out on the lake. The boat has all of the options and very expensive. On the first trip I put a big dent in the side. I felt bad and decided to have it fixed. I regret buying an expensive boat and wish I would have not splurged.

Lost Puppy
Tim and Jan find a puppy on their doorstep. They decide to keep him even though their landlord doesn't allow pets. When their landlord finds out he demands that they get rid of the dog. The next day they see a flyer with a picture of the missing puppy. They reluctantly decide to give the dog back to it's owner.

Sob
A sob escaped Cory's lips. He hadn't wanted to give a talk at his dad's funeral. He persisted, and made it through the speech he'd prepared. Cory was relieved when it was over. When he got home, he curled into a ball in the corner and cried.

Tanning orange
Iris and her best friend went to get spray tans for vacation. They each stood in front of the sprayer to get a glow. Unfortunately the sprayer was broken and Iris got too dark. She looked in the mirror and was bright orange. Iris gasped but remembered it would go away soon.

Bowling Practice
Terrell was a terrible bowler. He decided to bowl more often to get better. He went to the bowling alley 4 times a week during the summer. His average improved from a 61 to a 73. Now Terrell was not as terrible as he was when he started.

donuts
Ben asked his mom to bring a snack home. She said she would stop on her way home from work. He was so happy when she came in. He looked to see what she had brought. She had brought home a dozen donuts!

Bill's Bulls
Bill owned a large herd of bulls. He would always take them out to the fields to graze. One day during their trip he was ambushed by armed ruffians! They held him at gunpoint and stole his bulls! Bill was sad at the loss of his entire livelihood.

Blocks
Patricia's favorite toy was her set of interlocking blocks. She designed everything from houses to boats to spaceships. Patricia told stories about her creations to her parents. In school, Patricia developed an interest in making things as well. Patricia would later become a mechanical engineer.

Free Drink
A guy came up to me at a bar asking to see my shirt. He wanted to take a picture of some letter styling for his brand. He did and then he bought me a Vodka Redbull. I later realized he was trying to pick me up. Overall I'd say it was worth it.

Dancer
Elliot always loved dancing. His friends made fun of him for this. Elliot decided to go to college for dancing. After he graduated, he became very famous. Now his friends don't make fun of him for dancing!

Mass
Eva wanted to go to Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve. She set her alarm to wake up at eleven. But she was so tired, she did not hear the alarm. Eva slept right through Mass. In the morning, she was sad that she had missed it.

Time for Bed
Jimmy wasn't tired at his bedtime. His mom told him to go to sleep. He stayed up late reading books under the cover. He eventually went to sleep. He was very tired at school the next day.

Kitchen Fire
Ever since her mom was depressed, Katniss had to take care of her. Katniss had to make dinner tonight because her mom wouldn't get up. Katniss was mad, and wasn't paying attention to the oven. The oven overheated and lit the oven mitts on fire! Katniss ran to the kitchen and extinguished the fire.

Original comic art
I collect original comic strip and page art. Comic strip artists draw their strips in pencil,which is inked over. The original artwork is xeroxed and used to produce  strips or books. I have about 30 pieces of original art. I intend to frame and hang some pieces on the wall.

Broken Phone
Whitney had gone all year without breaking a phone. She went outside to walk her dog. The dog jerked the leash really hard. Whitney tripped and her phone went flying. The phone's screen was shattered into a million pieces.

Out Of Money
Adrian badly needed money. He'd run out of cash a week ago. Plus he'd eaten all of his groceries. He called his mother and father and asked for money. They said he was grown and not to call them for money.

Movie Dates
I love to go to the movies, I try to go every weekend. It gives me a chance to get out of my head for two hours. I have a new girlfriend who loves movies as much as me. I'm pumped because we get to go every Friday and she loves it. Going to the movies has really brought us closer together.

New Engine
Ned was a car guy. He had an old muscle car he was fixing up. He decided to get a new engine for it. He had a friend helped him install it. The car ran great and Ned was happy.

Bad Morning
James had trouble getting out of bed. He barely got any sleep last night. He went to go brush his teeth. He noticed that he was out of toothpaste. He brushed his teeth with baking soda instead.

Road Trip
One summer I decided to go see my best friend at his new home. I flew to Boise to go see him. We talked about what to do for fun during the week. We decided to take a road trip and explore the west. We drove to San Francisco since we both always wanted to see the city.

Old shoes
Bob was looking through his closet one day, when he saw a pair of shoes He took out the shoes and tried them on. The shoes were too small, so he put them in a box. Bob took the box to a charity and donated the shoes. Later, the shoes were given to a homeless person.

Fred Looks For A Wedding Venue
Fred is responsible for finding a venue for his wedding. He is looking for a place that is intimate but modern. At first it is difficult to find a place in his price range. Finally he finds a venue on the other side of town that is perfect. Fred is happy that his wedding plans are finally coming together.

Road Trip
My friends and I decided to drive to a music festival 3 hours away. After the show we decided not to get a hotel room. The hotel rooms available were either expensive or not clean. So we decided to just forgo sleep and just drive home. We talked and laughed the entire drive and had a great time.

Cupcakes
Millie was determined to make cupcakes. She did her best and put them in to bake. As they had every time before, the cupcakes came out disgusting. As a result, she gave up on making cupcakes. Now she buys her cupcakes every time.

The broken ornament.
Casey was decorating her Christmas tree. She was putting up each ornament, when she found one broken. She didn't want it to go to waste, so she tried to fix it. Using glue, she put it back together. She hung it on the tree and his the cracked part.

Piano
I had a very old piano that sounded strange. I called a piano tuner to come take a look at it. The piano tuner told me the piano was ruined and could not be repaired He tried to sell me a new one for a lot of money. I ended up buying one and throwing the old one away.

Canada
Del wanted to visit Canada. He lived near the northern border of the continental US. He had lived there 20 Years without crossing the border. Del could not locate his passport. Del's trip to Canada was further postponed.

The Cry for Help
Susan always felt alone. She didn't think anybody cared about her. She tried cutting herself to get attention. It hurt too much and she gave up, though. The mark wasn't enough for anybody to care.

Forgotten Line
Clayton is an actor. He has the lead role in the school musical. While performing on opening night, Clayton forgot his line. A supporting character said it for him. Everyone congratulated the supporting character instead of Clayton.

The Boyfriend
Ashley wanted her best friend's boyfriend. She decided to bring him cookies. She got dressed up and went to his house. When she rang the doorbell, Ashley's friend answered. Ashley turned red and ran away.

Shoveling Snow
I went outside to shovel snow this morning. It was really cold outside. I started to get tired very quickly. A neighbor came over and helped me finish. We finished much quicker as a team than if I did it myself.

sick
Howard did not want to go to school. He tried to fake being sick to his mom. He pretended coughed but his mom didn't buy it. SHe got mad and him and dragged him out. He had to go to school.

Back together.
Jamie was at the store. Suddenly she ran into her ex boyfriend. He asked if she wanted to catch up. She agreed so they went to dinner. They ended up getting back together.

Running
Steven really liked Janie who was on the track team. Unfortunately Steven lost his breath every time he ran. He was worried he couldn't keep up and wouldn't get to talk to her. One morning he went to the doctor and found out he had asthma. Now he has an inhaler and he can run with Janie!

The mountain lion.
Aaron and Maddie were walking through the park. Suddenly, they heard some weird noises. They decided to go inside just to be safe. Inside they checked the news. They learned that a mountain lion had been spotted in the area.

Sam's day off
It was Sam's day off from work. He took the day off to go see the baseball game. He drove to the baseball stadium. He waited in his seat for hours. The game was delayed due to rainy for 2 hours.

Walk
When I heard training was cancelled it was bittersweet news to me. I had trash that needed to go into the department dumpster. I drove into town just to dump it. When I got home it was dark but there was a full moon. I went for my daily walk with nothing but moonlight to guide me.

Kayaking the rapids.
Kelly and her friend went to the river with their kayaks. They set up their kayaks and climbed in to begin their trek. All of a sudden, the rapids became extreme and they were dragged away. They were pulled towards a large waterfall, so they had to bail. They luckily swam to shore, but their kayaks were wrecked.

Bob's Wish
Bob wanted to see his favorite band perform this weekend. Bob didn't have enough money or a ride to the show. His aunt heard about his problem and offered to provide both. Bob accepted happily and thanked his aunt. He went to the show and had the time of his life.

Jasper Uses Air Conditioning
Jasper's roommates have told him to stop using the air conditioner. He likes to turn on the air conditioner to stay cool. However, they say it is too expensive. Jasper ignores their complaints, and uses the air conditioner anyway. Eventually, his roommates ask him to move out.

Zoo Landerer
A monkey watched a crowd of children walk past his cage. He jumped around for the kids to entice them. One child saw this action and was drawn into the monkey. The kid felt like he should reward the monkey for the entertainment. The kid threw some of his food over the fence to feed the monkey.

What to do with unwanted things.
Mom was hoarding a lot stuff to pass onto her children. Mom passed away. The children didn't know what to do about the stuff in Mom's house. The children organized all the things into a library. Now the townspeople get to borrow things from the children.

Testing Snow
I had been up all day studying for my exam tomorrow. I was very stressed out about not knowing enough material. I decided to get some rest before it got too late. When the alarm went off, I quickly hopped out of bed. My test was thankfully canceled due to heavy snow fall.

New to Poker
Barbra wanted to learn how to play poker like a professional. She hadn't played, and knew the casino was the best place to learn. She sat at a table with veteran players, who laughed at her. The dealer showed her the rules, and soon she started to catch on. The other players left in shame, as Barbara had won all of their money.

Staycation
Sharon had some money saved to take a vacation. She spun her globe to pick where to go. Her finger landed on where she already lived! Her vacation turned into a staycation. She discovered places in her town she had never seen before.

Grilled Cheese
I decided to go on vacation to America. My friend told me to try an American grilled cheese sandwich. I agreed with him. I went to a cafe in New York City and ordered a grilled cheese. It was not tasty.

Orientation.
John was about to begin his freshman year of college. He did not want to attend the mandatory orientation. The orientation was a grand celebration. John had a great time at the orientation. John thought it was silly that he almost did not attend.

School
Cal was a senior in high school. He never made A's. He was determined to bring his grades up. He changed his habits. Cal made all A's on his first 9-weeks report card.

Chocolate Cravings
Cara was having a craving for chocolate. She really did not want to go out though. Cara asked her husband to go the store instead. Cara's husband bought the wrong thing. Cara decided she'd have to write what she wanted on paper from now on.

Cook
Ron wanted to bring his mom breakfast in bed. It was her birthday and he wanted to show his appreciation. But he could not make pancakes or sausage or anything! Then he had a good idea, and he brought her cereal in a bowl! His mom said it was the best birthday breakfast she had ever had.

Dan Bern
I once went to a concert where Dan Bern was performing. It was a small venue with only one bathroom. Dan Bern happened to get in line behind me during intermission. We chat for a bit. I got his autograph while waiting in line for the bathroom.

Spilled Garbage
Ted carried his trash outside. He put his trash into his can. While putting his trash away, he noticed his neighbor's trash spilled. Ted walked over and cleaned up the mess. After cleaning the mess, Ted walked back inside feeling good.

release
Ben had done ten Years in prison. His release date came, and he was freed. Ben collected his things and left the jail. He looked around outside, shocked by the changes. Freedom was intoxicating but strange after all that time.

Going to get coffee
June decided on a  Saturday morning to walk and get a cup of coffee. While she was walking down the sidewalk she heard a meow. June looked to her right and saw a tiny kitten. She walked over and picked up the kitten. June decided to keep the kitten she wanted a new friend.

Joan the Chess Master
Joan had always wanted to participate in a chess tournament. Finally there was a tournament coming to her hometown. Joan competed and took second place in the tournament. Her friends and family were all very proud. Joan is so happy with her results at the chess tournament.

Ski Trip
Dave went to Mammoth Mountain to go skiing. He put on his boots, skis and goggles. With great excitement, he climbed into the chair lift. There was a foot of fresh powder from a recent storm. Dave jumped off the chair lift and took off down the mountain.

Kim's shopping trip
Kim always loved going shopping. She and her friends would go to all the coolest stores. Yesterday she went to a dozen stores. She ended up spending a thousand dollars. To her however, it was quite worth it.

Sally takes up fishing
Sally lives by a large lake full of fish. She always wanted to take up fishing. Sally's grandfather is an excellent fisherman. Sally asked her grandpa to teach her one afternoon. At the end of the day Sally finally caught a fish.

Dirty Laundry
Vince woke up one morning and got up to put clothes on. When he looked for an outfit, he could not find anything to wear. Vince noticed he had a lot of dirty laundry and decided to wash it. After loading the clothes into the washer, he began to wait. After drying the clothes, Vince had a nice outfit to wear.

First Skate
Elise wanted to take her new boyfriend ice skating. Her boyfriend had never skated before. They stepped onto the ice and he fell. He was laughing and she helped him up. They had a fun afternoon at the rink.

Trying To Stop A Thief
When Thomas graduated high school, he wanted to run track. He enrolled in community college and bought an apartment. His roommate was a teammate from the high school track team. Thomas came home and caught his roommate stealing the furniture. Thomas tried to stop him but was shot and killed by his roommate.

Bad Vacation
Susan took her family to a dude ranch for vacation. She went for a long horse ride on the second day. During the ride, a horse got scared and kicked her. Her leg needed 3 reconstructive surgeries. Susan will not go horseback riding again.

Girls trip
The best friends always take a girls trips. This year they went to New York. They went shopping. They saw a Broadway show. They always have a great time catching up.

Happy Hour
After a long day at work I needed a drink. They were half price off at the local bar. I invited my friends to go with me. They agreed to go. We met up there and had a few drinks.

Bob Tries To Lose Weight
Bob was trying to get into shape. He really wanted to lose some weight in order to impress his wife. He jogged everyday after work. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't lose any weight! Bob's wife told him that she loved him just the way he was.

Stinky Shoes
Laurence walked into his home and smelled a really bad odor. He looked all over but couldn't find the source. He decided to clean the whole house to get rid of the smell. When he was done, he realized the odor was from his shoes. Laurence threw those shoes in the dumpster and wore another pair.

Hot Sand
Mike's family was at the beach in July. It was super hot, over 100 degrees by 10:00 am. They had to wear shoes to walk from the sand to the water. It was so hot they burned their feet otherwise! Fortunately the water was still cool and refreshing.

Scary Moment
The teacher made a message to the class. He announced that today is the final day to drop any classes. While he was speaking, I checked my schedule. The database states that all of my classes were dropped. Before freaking out, I went to the registration's office.

Pool Jump
I was in my friend's backyard by a pool. I put on a silly voice and jumped into the pool. After jumping in, I remembered that I left my phone in my pocket. I climbed out of the water to check on my phone, but it was broken. I had to leave my friend's house to get a new phone.

Lost Card
Bob was shopping at the mall. He went to go pay for a watch. Then, he realized he lost his credit card! Bob decided to use his debit card. Alas, he had insufficient funds.

Base
Howard was playing baseball with his team. He was doing poorly at first. He couldn't catch some of the balls. Then when he was the batter, he stroke it far. He reached home plate.

Grilled Cheese
I made grilled cheese sandwiches for supper. I first buttered the bread and started the griddle. I then got the cheese out and put it on the bread. I put the sandwiches on the griddle until they were a golden brown. I then took the sandwiches off and stacked them all on a plate.

The party needs food.
Jill was hosting a New Year's Eve party. The party was underway as Jill realized the food was disappearing. She decided to run out to the store. Then, she bought some sandwiches and brought them home. Luckily, no one even noticed that the food had run low.

Baker
Li wanted to give meaningful Christmas gifts to her relatives. But she was on a very tight Christmas budget! Then her sister helped her think of a great gift idea. Together they baked up dozens of tasty cookies. Li gifted each relative a yummy tray of treats!

Seeing a new doctor
Carla's old Doctor switched practices and she needed to get a new one. She was therefore scheduled with dr Pratt. Carla walked into the doctor's office. To her surprise Dr Pratt was very gracious. She liked her a lot.

New Poetry
Carla began writing poems to pass the time in jail. She likes poems because there were not solid rules about them. She realized how much of a metaphor they were for her life. Her poems were circulated all throughout her cell block. She was known all over jail.

Ouija board
When I was young, my friend bought me a Ouija board. We both put our hands on it to play. All the sudden, the planchette started moving slowly. We were very scared and stopped playing immediately. I threw it away the next day.

The Starry Night
Michelle and her friends set up a blanket outside to look at stars. They stared at the stars for a couple hours. They then talked and laughed under the stars. They ate snacks. They picked up the blanket and snacks and went inside.

I Arrived Early for My Surprise Party
I had a great time on my birthday, with emails and cards from friends. My boss told me I could go home early, which surprised me. When I drove home, I had a hard time finding a place to park. When I got to my front door, I heard voices inside my apartment. I opened the front door and everyone laughed with surprise.

The Stand
On a hot July day, Jeff opened up a lemonade stand. He put out large pitches of drink to entice people. A customer came up and asked for a glass. Jeff said that it would cost nine dollars. The customer laughed and walked away.

Christmas
Kay wanted to save money to give her kids a nice Christmas. But she was a terrible spendthrift and couldn't save a dime. Then she formed a Christmas club with a few of her friends. Together they gave each other support and money-saving tips. With their help, Kay saved almost $500 by Christmas!

Skiing
Todd and Bob planned a ski trip. They bought all their equipment. They purchased their lift tickets. They drove to the mountains. When they arrived, the pass was closed.

Voting Mishap
We entered the voting place during the primaries. A worker there, upon hearing our preferred party, tried to stop us. This had happened before, and I hid a voice recorder this time. They told lies about the process to convince us we couldn't vote. I have sent a copy of the audio to a freelance journalist I know.

Boxing
Mike and Jerry had a lot of energy and wanted to do something. They found some boxing gloves in the house. They put them on and started to goof around. Mike hit Jerry to hard one time, and made Jerry mad. Then it turned serious, and a real boxing match broke out.

Doctor's Order
Chuck has had a cold for a week now and doesn't feel well. Chuck decides to go to the doctor. The doctor gives Chuck some medicine. Chuck takes the medicine and feels better in a day or two. Now Chuck is back at work performing well.

Singing Competition
Diane loved singing in front of people. One day she decided to enter a local singing competition. Diane went up on stage and began to sing. She sang the most beautiful song she had ever sung. Diane won first place in the contest.

John Goes to the Ball Game
John couldn't wait to get to the ball game. When John got there, he sat with his friends. John's friends ate popcorn and drank soda. One of the baseball players hit the ball straight at them. John caught the ball!

Hard Work
Carol was having a lot of money problems. She needed to figure out how to increase her income. She needed to catch up on her house payment. She started following a financial advisor. She was able to turn her life around.

The dog peed
The dog peed on my carpet. So i took it to get trained. The first few days she showed no progress. But in a month she was potty trained . Now she does not pee on the carpet no more.

L Street Brownies
On December 27, 2010, I decided to go for a swim. We live in Boston and it is cold in the winter. The L Street Brownies swim on New Year's Day but I went earlier. My daughter, son and son in law went into the freezing water with me. We ran back to the car, laughing.

Black Friday Xbox One
My sister and I went to bestbuy on black Friday We weren't sure what we wanted, just went for fun. Best buy had a xbox one available and decided to get one. We had to wait for almost an hour to get an xbox one. However, at the end it was worth it.

Vicky Eats Pancakes
Vicky and her husband have each been working very hard this week. When the weekend comes along, they want a treat. They go out to have brunch on Saturday morning. Vicky eats a delicious stack of pancakes. Vicky and her husband feel well rested after a nice weekend.

Perfect Smile
Rose couldn't afford to get dentures fitted for her mouth. Instead she wore a pair of dentures she bought from the thrift store. One night, she told her son how badly the dentures hurt. The very next day, a dentist called, confirming her appointment. Her son had gone ahead and paid for new dentures.

April
Stella had planted her very first garden on April first. She couldn't wait for her sprouts to turn into big, bright blossoms! But for the whole month of April, it poured rain! Stella feared her plants would be drowned. Then, just as the adage said, May brought beautiful flowers after all!

Napping
Lucy wanted her grandpa to take her to a friends house. But he had fallen asleep on the couch after church. Lucy's grandma was cooking and wouldn't take her. She wanted to wake grandpa, but grandma forbade it. Lucy was stuck at the house until he awoke on his own.

phone card
Tim loved chatting on his cell phone. For Christmas his parents wanted to get him a phone gift. They debated over the perfect gift. On Christmas, they handed Tim his gift. He was so pleased to unwrap his phone card!

The gross drink.
Amanda was pregnant. She had to take a test for gestational diabetes. The test involved drinking an extremely sweet soda. Amanda tried her best, but the taste made her sick. She ended up throwing the whole drink up.

Halloween Graveyard
A group of my friends and I wanted to get really scared on Halloween We decided to walk through the darkness and fog to the graveyard. The wind moaned through the dead leaves and an owl hooted. We got so scared that we ran out of there as fast as we could. Needless to say, none of us slept well that night.

Dog
Tom loved his dog. Tom was preparing for a road trip. Tom decided to bring his dog. His dog loved riding in the truck. Tom and his dog had fun on the road trip.

Building a shed
I needed a shed to contain my yard tools. I bought supplies and found a guide online. I followed the guide and began putting the shed together. All week, I worked hard using power tools and manual labor. After the week was over, I had a very nice shed.

The Jazz Club
The band was all set on the stage. They looked real sharp with tuxedos on and polished instruments. Everyone filled in to see them play. They began and man were they good. Everyone watched amazed at how well they played.

Martha Makes Chicken Tacos
Martha was preparing slow cooker chicken. She set her chicken breasts in her slow cooker. She let them cook for 4 hours. Afterwards she shredded her chicken with a fork. She served the chicken on a tortilla shell.

Presents
Kim wanted a sweater for Christmas, but she knew her mom was broke. So she put it out of her mind, trying to forget it. But her mom knew what she wanted, and she felt sad about it . So she purchased yarn and began to knit Kim's sweater herself. Kim loved her homemade sweater more than any other sweater ever!

camping gone wrong
Bob and Dave decided to go camping on the weekend. Bob told Dave he had a bad feeling about the trip. They had fun around the campfire on the first night. A bear ate all their food the next day while Dave and Bob were hiking. Dave chuckled and told Bob he was right about the trip.

Tom's Dinner
Tom was hungry and didn't know what to eat. He decided to go get fast food. He put on jacket and headed out the door. The wind hit his face with a mighty chil. He turned around and decided to cook instead.

Fear of Flight
Jim's son is afraid to fly. He's seen too many stories about plane crashes. He can't sleep the night before they are set to fly to Denver. But by the time he gets on the plane he is exhausted. He is so tired that he sleeps all the way through the flight.

Competition
Brittany wanted to enter a bodybuilding competition. She worked for months on her fitness. She lifted weights. She ate healthy things and drank water. She was happy when she won the competition.

Take Seats
Jackie got up from the couch to go to the restroom. While she was gone, her brother took her seat. She returned to find him in her seat, and it angered her. She ended up wrestling her brother for the seat. While they wrestled, their little sister ended up taking the seat.

Jakes Scare
Jake was walking home from school. He had to walk across the street. As he was crossing a car come out of nowhere. The car luckily stopped in time. Jake ran home he was fine but frightened.

Christmas Eve
It was Christmas Eve and everybody was asleep but Mom. Mom was busy trying to get last minute Christmas gifts packaged. She had just scored some last minute deals on some gifts. She was tired but determined to finish. She was ultimately able to prepare all the gifts for her family.

Dave Gets Lost
Dave was on a hike when he decided to explore off the trail. He became very distracted by the beautiful off-trail scenery. After an hour of hiking, Dave finally realized he was lost. He set up a campsite and created a smoke signal to be rescued. A helicopter found his smoke signal, and Dave was returned to safety.

The Job Hunt
George needed to find a job after being laid off from his last one. He began to walk around town looking for some sort of employment He walked to several businesses and gave out resumes then went home. After days of trying, George began to wait on calls. Later, a company called George with a job offer for him.

Chair Carrier
Mike was very picky about everything. He especially hated the chairs he had to sit in at school. So he decided to bring a folding chair to school everyday. Everyone noticed him lugging the chair around. And he became known as the chair carrier.

First Football Match
Although Jimmy didn't know how to play, Scott handed him the ball. Scott told him to throw the ball to a teammate that's open. When the game started, the opponents ran towards him. Jimmy freaked out and ran on the opposite side of the field. He ended up running towards the streets.

Cooking gone Wrong
Henry placed his chicken inside the oven. After setting up the oven, he decided to go rest on his bed. However, he accidentally fell asleep. When he woke up, he ran to the oven. He found out that the chicken was burnt.

A trip to the gorge!
Before it got too cold, we decided to take a trip to the Gorge. Driving there, we decided to spend the day hiking. After selecting a trail that was good, we set off! The trail was perfect, if but a little wet. One we were finished we headed home, exhausted.

Go Pee Before We Leave
Keith's parents were taking him to Disneyland. They told him to go pee before the three hour drive. He argued for a while saying he didn't have to go. His parents didn't want to argue so they started the drive. Before the first stoplight Keith had to pee.

Test jitters
Lucy was terrified for her exam today. She stayed up all night long studying. She wanted to make sure she would get a great grade on it. When she got to the room she took the test. To her surprise it was not that bad.

The Doctor
Ralph has a sore throat. His mother took him to the doctor. Ralph was afraid the doctor would give him a shot. Instead, the doctor just check his temperature and throat. He then gave Ralph medicine so he could feel all better.

Stress
Mark had a bad day at work. He came home and decided to go for a jog. Mark was not used to exercising and it was hard for him. However, he felt really good afterwards. Mark decided he was going to start exercising more often.

New Sled
On Christmas Day, Ned got a beautiful new sled. He couldn't wait to use it. Unfortunately it was now late February and still no snow! Finally the first week in March he woke to six inches. He finally got to try out his Christmas sled.

New Car
After months of building credit, Bob bought a new car. Bob was very proud of his new car. He loved to just go for a drive around town. One day, he was driving and got hit by another car. Luckily, he was not hurt, and his insurance paid for the repairs.

Pie
Jonah was craving something sweet. He decided to make himself a cherry pie. He assembled it carefully and put it into the oven. But then he forgot about it! By the time he pulled it out, it was hopelessly burned!

The Ball in the Swamp
Lucas was playing basketball with his friend. His friend accidentally threw the basketball over the fence. Lucas went to go get the ball but it had rolled into a swamp. Lucas started to go into the water to get the ball. Suddenly, a crocodile surfaced and scared Lucas away.

Hospital Trip
Mary started her day off with a small bowl of cereal. She then worked out at the gym for an hour. Afterwards, Mary used public transportation to go to the hospital. She was there to visit her grandmother. Mary sat in the room and told stories to her all evening.

What's a Flea?
My husband and i decided to get a Welsh Corgi from a breeder. We drove 80 miles to get her, my husband held her on the drive back. He kept asking what these black things were all over her. She had fleas, how could he not know what fleas were? He is from Vegas, he said there are no fleas there, how crazy!

The Big Storm
The sky was dark and cloudy. Mom said a storm was coming. I watched the rainy fall down so fast. I could hear the rainy slam against the windows. I had never seen such a big storm before.

The missing ladder.
Margaret was at her family cabin. She was up in the loft, and wanted to go downstairs. But the ladder was gone, because someone had needed it. She was stuck and called out for help. Finally, someone brought the ladder back.

Seashells
Sam went to the beach with his brother. They decided to see who would collect the most shells. Sam's pants didn't have any pockets, but his brother's did. He took off his shirt and used it to hold shells. Sam collected the most shells, but still couldn't carry any home!

Snowflakes in the sky
Jay looked out the window in November. He saw something fall from the sky. He was not sure if it was snow or ash from a fire. Jay went outside to investigate. Since he smelled no fire, he thought it was snow.

Knitting
My grandmother loves to knit. It gives her joy to give handmade gifts. She made me a sweater for my birthday. It was hideously ugly. But I smiled and pretended to love it.

Faith
Alex believes that god is real. Richard, his friend, is constantly arguing with him about it. One day they get stuck in a forest. Alex prays for help. Help soon arrives, saving them from the endeavour.

HOUSE
Deedee was looking for a comfortable home. Riding in and around all communities. Deedee had a certain budget to stay in. Deedee found a split level, patio, deck and lovely yard areas. The lovely peach and green house with rose bushes on both sides.

Deep Cut
Jan cut her finger while chopping food. So she went to put a band aid on the cut. But there was too much blood. Jan drove to the hospital. And doctors were able to stop the bleeding.

Wanting a Baby
Jane had been trying to get pregnant for around two years now. She was at the fertility clinic with her husband. The doctor had them both perform a number of exams. The doctor then asked Jane's husband to stop wearing tight trousers. Jane looked relieved while her husband looked sheepish.

Merry Go Round
Jill was at the mall with her mom. They had put a merry go round in at the food court. Jill really wanted to ride it. Her mother gave her a dollar so she could get on it. She picked a pink horse to ride.

One way trip
Joe was bored. He decided to go on a trip. He bought a ticket and went to Hawaii. He had an amazing time in Hawaii. Joe decided to stay there indefinitely.

How Pencils Are Made
Pencil making starts with wood being carved into thin slats. Grooves are cut into the slats to make space for the graphite cores. The extruded writing cores are cut to length and put in place. The other halves of the slats are then squeezed on top. Finally, the individual pencils are carved into shape.

Computer Problems
Jim could not get the computer to work. No matter what he tried, nothing would come up on the monitor. He could hear the computer running. Finally he asked his dad to come take a look. His dad quickly discovered the monitor brightness was turned down.

Brad
Brad had been asked to run the haunted house at his school. He loved Halloween so he eagerly accepted. He spent lots of time preparing everything. On opening night, he heard kids saying it was the scariest thing ever! Brad was so happy he almost danced with glee!

Acorns
Matt collected acorns. He had a few hundred in his room. His mother wanted him to get rid of them. One day he saw a hungry squirrel. Matt happily gave all of his acorns to the hungry squirrel.

Driving There
Jane was speeding to her daughter Ali's school. She had to get back to work as quickly as possible. There as a project that had to be completed. Jane knew the project was a big deal for the company. She drove afraid that should she miss the deadline she would be fired.

Expensive Hobby
Gerry was going to get a new fish. He drove thirty minutes to a pet store. When he got there, he could not decide which fish he wanted. So he ended up buying five different fish. Now he needs several different tanks.

The Shirt That Stopped my Car
It was late afternoon and I was driving home. I suddenly see this random shirt flying in my direction. It landed on the road before me, I had to drive over it. It got caught in the back tire axle of my car. It seized my tires, but luckily I called my husband and he saved me!

Feeding the Ducks
Joey and his mom like visiting the park. They go every week. Their favorite part is feeding the ducks. The ducks are friendly today and eat from their hands. They finally have to go home, but they are excited for next week!

The Hiding Gecko
Ben took his gecko out of its cage. He placed him on top of his bed. Ben ran to the kitchen to get some pop tarts. He returned to find the gecko gone. Ben noticed the gecko hiding under a pillow.

Making a sandwich.
Sean wanted a sandwich. He went into his kitchen. He put ham and cheese on a muffin. Then, he put it in the microwave. Finally, he ate it.

Dad
My dad would swing us around as kids. He would hold each of us in each arm. One day he let me go a little too soon. I flew right into a table. That day I received two stitches.

Jalapeno Pepper
I decided to order a pizza. They accidentally put jalapenos on it. I hate spicy food! But, I decided to eat it. My mouth was burning and I cried!

For Granted
Nancy was driving to her job. The car maintenance light turned on. However, she continued to drive without being nervous. When she tried to drive home, her car shut down. The engine shut down and she remained in the middle of the road.

Sledding
Today I went to the biggest sledding hill I could find. I built a ramp about halfway down the hill. When I made my first pass at the ramp I was going too fast. I flew off of my sled and landed in the snow. I was okay and decided not to use the ramp.

Walking
Gina was on the playground by herself. She didn't want to seem like she cared that she was alone. She decided to walk around the perimeter of the playground. She hoped it would look like she was exercising. She wanted to avoid looking pathetic.

George's monkey
George was in college and lived alone. George often felt lonely, so he decided to get a pet. He went to the pet store and looked at all the animals. Finally, he decided to buy a monkey. He took the monkey home, and they soon became best friends

Stubborn
JD is a freelance writer. One company JD worked for did not like JD's writings. The company refused to take JD's stories. JD became angry with the company. JD no longer submits his writings to that company.

Legos
Little Jimmy loved playing with legos. His parents would always get mad that he wouldn't put them away. One day his dad tripped on a lego walking down the stairs. He broke his neck and is a cripple now. Jimmy never forgave himself for it.

Som's front yard
Som needed to put a lawn in her front yard. First she pulled out the weeds and thorny plants. Then she used a rake to break up the clay. Som got some sod to cover the yard at the garden store. She shortly put the sod down on watered soil.

Earrings
Camryn was very excited to get her ears pierced. On her birthday her mom took her. It really hurt. She picked out some really pretty earrings. She felt a lot better.

Cold Water
Sam tried to take a shower. The water was cold. It wouldn't heat up. He checked the water heater. It was broken and needed to be replaced.

Piercing
Tori was afraid to get her ears pierced, but she wanted to look cool. She went to the piercing parlor with her friend. Her friend held her hand while they pierced her ears. Tori was surprised to find it barely hurt at all! Now she shows off her pierced ears with pride.

Overflow
Ray was cooking oatmeal. And he decided to leave his kitchen for a while. He came back 5 minutes later. But it overflowed onto the stove. Ray never left the kitchen the next time he cooked oatmeal.

Now He's Ours
My husband and I were sad that our dog had died. We decided to get a new dog. The two of us visited the animal shelter and looked around. One German Shepherd struck us as particularly lively and friendly. We felt happier after we adopted the dog and gave him a good home.

The dungeon
Tim's friends were playing. Tim didn't want John to play. So he told John to stay in the imaginary dungeon. While John was in the dungeon he hummed a beautiful tune. He sang so good that Tim decided to play with him.

Fixing The Jeep
My girlfriend's jeep was leaking water from her inside light. I put a towel under where it was leaking to absorb the water. I scraped all of the ice off the roof of the car. Then I took off the cover to the lights to clean off the inside. After wiping everything down, I put the cover back on.

Beloved Doll
Amy couldn't wait to bring her doll to show and tell. She told the class how much she loved her pretty doll. She watched as the doll was passed around the room. Amy saw that most of the kids barely looked at the doll. When she got home, Amy stuck the doll in the closet.

The Carnival
I took my girlfriend to the carnival last night. To impress her I tried to win her a stuffed animal. I paid to throw balls and knock over bottles. I wasn't able to get a single one. After I decided to just buy her one instead.

Doctor Appointment
Marge had to go to the doctor. Lately she had been feeling very sick. She made an appointment. The doctor told her she had anemia. She started taking iron supplements and felt much better.

Charlie's Challenge
Charlie challenged his friends. He would pay anyone who could take a coin from his hand. Everyone jumped on Charlie. Nobody was able to get the coin from him. Charlie laughed and the boys went to get ice cream.

Eavesdropper
Sandy was having a conversation in the break room. Jim entered the break room to get his lunch and left. Sandy continued talking to her boyfriend on the phone. As Sandy was leaving, Sandy saw Jim right by the door. Sandy realized that Jim was eavesdropping on her conversation.

Last
Ben had entered a poetry contest and hoped he won. But the teacher awarded second place and then third and fourth. She didn't call Ben, so he sadly thought he'd lost. Then she announced first place, and she named him. She had been saving the best for last!

Run Run Run
Bob loved to run through the park. Yesterday while he was running he twisted his ankle. The pain caused him to fall down onto the very hard concrete. Bob's friend Paul stopped to make sure he was all right. Paul helped Bob back up onto his feet again.

Lunch
Jacob woke up this morning terribly hungry. It took forever for everyone to get ready to go out for lunch. He waited patiently in the hotel lobby for all of his friends. They went around the corner and had a delightful lunch. Jacob left with a full belly and a full heart.

treasure
Anna decided to dig for buried treasure on the beach. She took her metal detector and set out along the shore. When it beeped, she halted and began to dig. She found a metal object buried deep in the sand. Brushing it off, Anna saw that it was a valuable diamond ring!

Hot Dog Eating Contest
Ike loved eating hot dogs, and he had a big appetite. He decided to enter a hot dog eating contest. In front of the whole town, he ate hot dog after hot dog. But then he was too full to continue. Ike ended up coming in third place in the contest!

The Tornado
We had a tornado come through our town today. We had to take cover in the basement. The sirens went off and they were loud. I was really scared. I had never experienced a tornado before.

Speech
Eli was having some issues with certain sounds. His teacher contacted his parents to let them know. The school go to the speech pathologist involved. She observed Eli and found he did have a speech problem. She worked to get speech services in place.

Starbucks Birthday
My wife has the Starbucks app. Starbucks said she could get a free drink on her birthday. She went to a Starbucks in the supermarket and they refused her. She drove to a store and got a frappachino for free. I wonder why the supermarket Starbucks could not help her.

Spilled Milk
Joe tripped carrying a carton of milk. He turned to get a rag to wipe up the spill. When he turned around, his two cats were lapping it up. He gave them a minute. They seemed grumpy when he wiped up the spill.

Buying Produce
I needed vegetables for a recipe. I wrote down the names of the vegetables. I put on my clothes and shoes. I walked to the grocery store. I purchased the vegetables that I needed.

Jazz
Brian wanted to attend a jazz performance. He found the hippest club in town. He gathered some friends and attended it. The crowd was too mellow for Brian's enthusiasm. Brian organized his own, more swinging jazz event.

Forgotten Lunch
Gus forgot to take his lunch to school. He was very hungry but he didn't have any money. Each of his friends gave him something from their lunch. He got half a sandwich, some grapes, some chips and a fruit snack. It was even better than the lunch he left at home.

New frog pet
Fred really loved that frog by the pond. He saw him everyday. One day he decided to take him home as a pet. Fred took him home but his parents made him put it back. Fred was disappointed.

Randall Goes To The Library
Randall has been applying for jobs from home for months. He is started to feel very cooped up in his apartment. Randall decides to visit his local library and apply for jobs there. He finds that being at the library is much better than being at home. Randall is happy that he got away from his home for the day.

Going to School.
Every day I go to school. I wait for the bus in front of my house with my friends. When it arrives, I climb on the bus and pick my favorite seat. I talk to my friends while the bus drives to the school. 10 minutes later, we're at school!

Writer's block
Annie sat at her desk ready to work on her novel. She put her fingers on the keyboard hoping for inspiration. She typed one sentence and had no more ideas. To get her imagination going again, she decided to turn on the radio. As soon as a new soon started, she started typing.

Playground
We lived in Chinatown from 1955 to 1968. We played in a run down playground on Tyler Street. One day my brother and I were climbing a structure. We both fell and hurt ourselves. We were better in a few weeks.

Horseback Ride
Jai had always wanted to ride a horse. For her sixteenth birthday, her dad bought her a horseback ride. She was so thrilled! She rode the horse down the trail as the jockey led her. Jai knew she would remember her amazing experience forever!

New Car Troubles
Sam wants to buy a new car. He goes to the dealership and picks out a car he likes. The dealer says that Sam must first pass a credit check. The dealer tells Sam that Sam's credit is very bad. Sam was forced to by a bicycle instead.

Beth Goes to the Beach
Beth got out of bed, and noticed how nice it was outside. Beth thought it would be a good idea to go to the beach. She packed her favorite beach towel, water, and snacks. Once Beth arrived at the beach, she realized she forgot her sunscreen! Luckily, her friend Jill was there, and let Beth use hers.

A new puppy
Sally wanted a new beagle puppy. She went to the pet store to look for one. She decided to not get a puppy from a pet store and go with a breeder. Sally found a beagle puppy from a breeder she liked. Sally bought the puppy and brought it home.

Army Doctor
A long time ago a doctor named Alan was drafted by the army. Alan was so good they put him in charge of healing the soldier's. Sometimes they would die, but most of the time he could heal them. The recovered patients were sent back out to kill and die. This made something in Allen die and he was never the same again.

Stadium
They were trying to determine where to put the new stadium. Some people wanted it downtown. Others wanted it by the old one. Others wanted it in another city. Since they couldn't decide they decide to wait to build it.

Salty?
Bill always loosened the cap on the salt shaker in restaurants. Bill would wait and watch the victims of his pranks, laughing. One day I decided to loosen the cap on the salt shaker Bill was using. He began to pour salt on his food and dumped out the whole thing. I laughed and told Bill that he really had it coming.

Pulled over
The cop pulled me over. I asked him to please not give me a ticket. He asked for my license. He came back with my license. Luckily he just gave me a warning this time.

No Driving After Drinking
Gina's wanted to leave Illinois and go back to Minnesota. She was waiting for her parents to tell her they were leaving. Her father and mother had been at a party all day. At 11 PM they were both still drinking. Gina knew they wouldn't be going home the next day.

Missing Child
Laura is a kindergarten teacher in charge of ten kids. One school day during roll call she only counted 9 children. She quickly identified that Timmy was the one missing. Laura searched the playground knowing she had seen Timmy that morning. There was Timmy in the sandbox playing with a stray cat he had found!

Highrise
My sister lived at the top of a highrise apartment. I had never been in a highrise. I decided to visit her. I got to the top floor and peered outside the window. I realized I was afraid of such massive heights and I fainted.

Wallpaper
My sister in law's husband is renovating their daughter's room. He bought wallpaper fifteen years ago. He just put it up now. He miscalculated and ran out of paper. The design is no longer available.

Sick puppy
Ramona's dog was not feeling too well. Ramona decided to take him to the vet. The vet confirmed the dog was sick. She prescribed the dog medication. The dog was ordered to take it for two weeks.

Rags to Respect
Brian grew up in poverty. Due to a special scholarship, Brian was able to attend a good college. Brian studied political science and philosophy. Brian served his local community after college on the city council. Eight years later, Brian became the governor of his state, New York!

Getting a New Cat
Barry decided to get a cat. He went to the pet store. He found a siamese cat that he liked. Barry played with him for a bit to make sure he liked him. Barry then bought the cat and took him home.

4-Wheel Drive
Greg went to his farm often to check on animals. After a real heavy rain, the hard ground was now soft mud. When he tried to drive off the property, he got his truck stuck. He was not happy that he had to get the tractor to tow out his truck. He went immediately and purchased a 4-wheel drive truck.

A Snowy Commute
Maria hated to drive in the snow. There was a snowstorm coming and Maria had to drive to work. Maria left her house very early in order to get there on time. She drove carefully through the snowy streets. When she got to her office, it was closed due to snow.

The Basketball Game
Greg went to the park hoping to play a game of basketball. He could not find any friends to go with him. At the park, he saw a group of unfamiliar people playing. One of the guys playing basketball asked Greg to join the game. Greg was relieved that he was going to get to play.

The Melt
Ben warmed up his lunch and put it in his insulated lunchbox. He put in a chocolate bar for his dessert. When it was lunch time he took out his food. The chocolate had melted entirely. He had to scrape off the chocolate to get to his lunch.

Speed Up Time
Frank is a teacher who is ready for it to be summer. He has two more weeks until school is over and he's struggling. He thinks of creative ways to make time go by faster. He gives his students a daily project to work on. Before he knew it Frank was on summer vacation and very happy.

Moving the couch.
Tanner was moving into a new home. He needed to get his couch through the door. It became obvious that it wouldn't fit right. With the help of his friends, he was able to flip it. Then, they were able to squeeze it through the door.

Broken Mirror
My friend Rupert was carrying a long mirror to his room. I told him a broken mirror is 7 years bad luck. He set the mirror down just fine. We looked at our faces, making funny smiles and toothy grins. The mirror fell forward and broke, giving us both bad luck.

Leann Chin
Amy didn't have time to leave the store she worked at for lunch. A co-worker told her there was a deli in the store. At the deli Amy found a LeAnn Chin. She had no idea there was fast food Chinese food. Amy loved it so much she ate it the next day as well.

The late gifts.
Millie was expecting all of her gifts to arrive by Christmas. But, when she checked the tracking she saw that they were too far. She was really disappointed and didn't know what to do. Finally, she decided to just enjoy the gifts that had arrived. When the late gifts did arrive, she enjoyed them just as much.

Rider
Evan, ten and timid, went to the theme park with his family. This summer he was finally tall enough to ride the roller coaster! He was scared but determined. After the first breathless trip on the coaster, he laughed aloud. He had found his new favorite activity!

Going Long
Two kids were playing football in the street. They tried to see how far they could throw to each other. One kid threw the ball so hard it went over the other's head. The ball bounced over a neighbor's fence. The kid who threw it had to jump the fence to get it back.

The Frat Party
I was in a fraternity on campus that threw a lot of loud parties. We were warned that if we didn't quiet down, we would get kicked off. After that warning, we tried to not have any more parties. However one night, a small gathering turned into a house full of 100! Campus police broke up the part, and we were kicked off campus.

Political Rally
Stew loves libertarian candidates. His favorite is coming to his town to give a speech. He saved up money and asked for the day off. His boss told him no. He accepted it since he's a libertarian.

Goose Guard
Sarah wanted to get a guard animal. So she decided to buy a goose. One day, there was an intruder in her backyard. And the goose made loud honking noises. It was enough to wake up Sarah in time.

Movies
Lester enjoyed watching movies at the theater. He usually went once a week to catch all the new releases. He went to his usual movie theater yesterday. He saw that the doors were closed and the lights were off. Lester was angry that his favorite movie theater closed down.

The Ride
Susan loves to ride her horse on the nearby trails. On her most recent ride, Susan forgot her helmet. Susan's horse spooked at a squirrel that ran across their path. Susan fell off of her horse and cut her head. Susan needed stitches to close the cut on her head.

Snow-cream During a Blizzard
Karen's kids decided they wanted ice-cream in the middle of a blizzard She had absolutely no intention of trying to drive to the store. The snow was actually going to work in her favor for this request. She placed large bowls outside to capture freshly fallen snow. Karen added chocolate coconut milk to the snow to make snow-cream.

Money
My wife had a nice life insurance contract. It was worth millions of dollars. I decided to murder her so I could get the money. Alas, the police arrested me after I murdered her. I was sentenced to prison and the money was given away to charity.

The New Car
Craig was saving up to buy his dream car. He was finally able to buy it. Upon purchasing it, he decided to take it on the highway. Craig made the bad decision to speed on the highway. He got into an accident and ruined his brand new car.

Cookie Sale
Kalyn signed up to help with her club's cookie sale. She worked all night to bake enough cookies. When she arrived, she set her cookies on the table and waited. They sold out within an hour! Kalyn was so pleased to have done well for her club.

The Fish
Mike's mom gave him permission to get a fish. Mike chose a blue tetra at the pet store. Every day, Mike fed the fish. One day Mike came home to find the fish had died. Mike's mom told him that it wasn't his fault.

Brain Teaser
I collect novelty brain teasers. I especially like the ones with loops and chains. Occasionally I will break one accidentally while solving. I still add those ones to my collection. They go on the top shelf as the teasers that bested me.

Pearls before (Guinea) Swine
A girl got a pet guinea pig. She spent hours making it a castle out of ppier-mach. She put the castle into its cage before she went to bed. In the morning, there was nothing left but shreds and plaster dust. Guinea pigs do not appreciate fine architecture.

Rock Climbing
One day, my friends and I were wanting to hang out. We decided to go rock climbing. When we got there, everyone climbed but me. I chickened out. I wish I would've at least tried.

The Spain Tourist
Alissa was visiting Spain on a trip. She decided to go experience a bullfight. She was excited as the fight started. During the fight, she saw how the bull was abused. Alissa became sad and left the arena.

The stalker
She opened her email and then immediately closed it. The thirty six emails from him had scared her. She decided to go on social media, but immediately closed the page. Her heart thumped as she contemplated his last DM to her. She knew now, he truly was watching her.

Jack, Jill, Will
Will wanted to go on an adventure but was lonely. He called his friend Jack to accompany him. Jack didn't answer the phone. Will went to his house to check on him. Jack had an adventure go wrong by falling down a hill with Jill.

No Drying
London was busy catching up with laundry. She was puzzled when the clothes wouldn't dry in the dryer. No matter how long she set the timer the clothes wouldn't dry. She learned that the heating element had broken. London had to take all her wet clothes to the laundromat.

Where's My Fish
Ed had fixed himself a tuna filet for dinner. He left it on the table to get a drink. When he came back it was gone. The only explanation was the cat. He found her in his bedroom with the tuna.

The lying resume.
Kathy was applying for a job. She had no experience so she made a fake resume. On the resume, she put her friend's phone numbers as fake employers. She was really worried that they would find out. Luckily, they didn't and she got the job.

Poison
Mark lived exploring new places. One day he took a long walk on a new trail. He went around smelling and touching all of the plants. Soon after Mark became really itchy and red. He quickly realized he had touched poison ivy.

Secret Club
Harry wanted to stay a secret club at school. One day his friends found a special room for their club. They practiced all kinds of defensive skills. Their school principal found out about the club. He was very supportive of them practicing these skills.

Truck Spill
The driver was trying to transfer some furniture to the store. He decided to take the highway to get to the store faster. The back of the truck opened up by accident. Therefore, a sofa fell on the floor. Another driver crashed into the sofa.

Jason's Long Walk Home
Jason decides to stop by the bar on the way home from work. He shouldn't drive after drinking so he doesn't plan to stay long. However, his best friends show up at the bar and they all drink lots. After several drinks, Jason decides to take the long walk home. He finally gets home and decides he never wants to drink again.

Science Fair
Betty was excited to participate in her first science fair. She went home to get started on the project. Betty's mom was proud that she didn't ask for any help. On the day of the fair, Betty proudly brought her project to class. It suddenly looked pitiful next to the other expert looking projects.

Learning to Walk
Bob was a solider during the Iraq war. He was paralyzed by a gunshot wound. The doctors said he would never walk again. But, Bob was adamant in learning to walk and he practiced hard. Eventually, Bob was able to walk again!

Birthday
Ally wasn't sure what to get for Tyler's birthday. She decided to make him a gift. Since he liked chess, she made him custom chess pieces. He was delighted to receive the gift. Now Ally and Tyler play chess every week with her beautiful pieces.

A Bad Choice
Tori loved cake. She went to a fancy bakery to get some. She could not decide between two flavors of cake. Finally, she selected the green tea flavored cake. She hated it.

Sandra gets a job
Sandra didn't have any money. She decided to get a job. Sandra started working at a fast food restaurant. Later she wanted a job that she liked better. Now Sandra works at a clothes store with better working conditions.

Banana Peels
Jay saw cartoons where people slid on banana peels. He wondered if it would really work. He put a banana peel in the path his sister would be walking. She did step on it, but it just got squished. She was pretty angry at him for trying to make her fall.

Terror at the Park
Ted took his entire family to the park for a fun day. The family decided to go canoeing down the park's main river. While in the canoe, Ted's youngest daughter fell out. Ted saw an alligator approaching as he tried to rescue his daughter. At the last moment, Ted got hold of his child and pulled her to safety

The Morning Issue
Rich Cameron wrote an article for the community newspaper. As the printing machine printed copies new information came in. The information contradicted the lead of the article. Rich yelled to stop the press! That was the only time in his career he stopped the press machine.

Beach Treasure
Betty took a walk along the beach. While looking for shells, something shiny caught her eye. Betty found a bottle! In the bottle was an old photograph. Betty took her new keepsake home to show her mother.

Moving into new house
Jim and Erin decided to buy a new house. When they purchased it they got their stuff and moved in. Everything seemed to go well. Except their movers were late. Jim and Erin decided to not tip the movers as a result.

Mike's Job
Mike was always health conscious. And when he a job at a fast food restaurant, everybody saw it. He wiped all of the patties with paper towels to remove excess grease. And he hid the salt packets to prevent anyone from having them. After one week, Mike was fired.

The Foul Ball
Jimmy's dad took him to see his favorite baseball team. He brought his glove in the hope of catching a home run ball. Jimmy waited in anticipation as the biggest slugger came up to bat. On the first pitch, the slugger hit a home run right towards Jimmy! Leaping up, Jimmy was thrilled to successfully catch the ball!

Rainy Save
Rick forgot to bring his gym clothes to school. But before his gym class started, it began to rainy. Rick and his class got to watch a sports movie in the auditorium. And Rick didn't get in trouble for forgetting his gym clothes. Rick was very thankful that it rained.

A Trip to the Zoo
Rachel and Timmy wanted to do something on a Sunday. Rachel suggested that they go to the zoo. The zoo was far away but they got there by the afternoon. They saw most of the animals and got to touch a giraffe. They had to go home in time for dinner.

A Fisherman
The guy who saved my car had acted quickly. We decided to fish together and pool our knowledge. The fish like to hang out in a weedy area of the lake. He used one side and I got the other. Between use, we caught 40 bluegill.

Boo!
John loved to scare his little brother Dave. Dave would be playing quietly and John would sneak up and shout! Dave really hated this and wanted to get him back. The next time, Dave tricked John and scared him instead! John agreed that it wasn't much fun to be scared.

Hiking at the Park
Sage and Belle got to the park early that morning. They wanted to take the new hiking trail to the river. After hiking a short distance they noticed that the trail stopped. Supposing that they'd taken the wrong trail, they turned around. But later they found out that the new trail had just been cut short.

Bad Report Card
Dan was going to be in trouble if his parent saw his report card. He went to his homeroom teacher to attempt to stop him from mailing it He offered to take the report card to his mother instead. To his dismay he was told the cards were mailed the day before. Dan ran all the way home hoping to get there before his parents.

Mistrust
Gary stole Hannah's teddy bear. He told her that in order to get it back, he has to beat her in chess. Hannah decided to challenge him in chess. The game was close however, Hannah ended up winning. Gary was mad and decided to throw away the teddy bear.

The Great Sunrise
John went out to the lake to go fishing one morning. He went onto his boat and relaxed with his fishing pole. While sitting, he felt a tug on his pole and began reeling. Just as he was pulling the fish up, a beautiful sunrise emerged. John couldn't believe the sight and he was brought to tears.

Lost Puppy
Ivan was playing outside. But he saw a small puppy by itself. He decided to carry it. But its owner saw him. He and Ivan decided to play with the puppy together.

Bugs on the dough.
Cara was making rolls for dinner. She left the dough to sit on the counter and rise. When it was time, she went to put the dough in the oven. Then, she saw that a ton of flies had been sitting on her dough. Sadly, she threw the dough out and started over.

Walking
Today was a sad day for Jim. It marked the anniversary of his father's passing. He made a point to go to the cemetery on this day every year. He walked around the cemetery. He imagined having a conversation with his father.

The Campout
Todd and his buddies drove to a campsite in the wilderness. Each of the three young men set up separate tents. Todd build a fire so they could cook dinner and stay warm. They roasted hot dogs around the fire, had s'mores, and told stories. Then they set up their sleeping bags and went to sleep.

New Minimum Wage Job
Alex quit an intolerable minimum wage job. Alex did not feel the need to get a new job soon. Alex's parents demanded that he seek some type of work. Alex went to a job fair. Alex was hired for a new minimum wage job.

Best pizza
Kelly decided to go to the new pizza place down the street. When she tried it she loved it. Kelly thought it was amazing. It was so good she went back. She wanted to go everyday.

Vacation
John decided to take his family to the beach on vacation. He booked a hotel and planned out the whole week. The family packed their suitcases and was ready to go. The family arrived at the hotel and unpacked. The family then enjoyed the vacation John had planned.

Fun Day at the Beach
The Jackson family decided it would be fun to go to the beach. It was quite a long drive to get there however with a ton of traffic. The long wait was worth it however as the day was beautiful. The family ran to check out how nice the water was. The kids ended up swimming for nearly 2 hours.

Baking
Today i decided to bake some cookies. i was looking forward to eat some too. I got distracted and forgot to take them out of the oven in time. All of the cookies were burned! I was very upset, but decided to do another batch.

Fish fry
Our local church hosts a fish fry every Friday during Lent. They have a to-go line where you don't have to get out of your car. You pull up and they write down your order. You then pull up a little further to the rectory and wait for food. They bring the food out with utensils and napkins and you leave.

Stickers
Liam loved stickers of every kind. He put stickers on every surface he could. Mom was unhappy about the stickers on the walls. Liam had to clean all the stickers off. Mom gave Liam a sticker book so now he can start a new collection.

The Cut Foot
Hallie was running outside barefoot. She stepped on a piece of glass. Hallie had to go see the doctor. She cut it so bad she had to have stitches. Hallie now wears shoes when she is outside.

A new video.
Maggie's favorite Youtubers put out a new video. Maggie was excited to watch it. She watched the whole thing one night. When she was done, she left a comment. After that, she shared the video online.

Lost at Panera
I am a violinist and carry my violin everywhere. I am usually very careful to not leave my violin behind. Last year my parents picked me up at the airport and we ate at Panera. An hour after leaving the restaurant, I realized I left my violin! I called Panera and they found my violin.

Downward Dog
Jane liked this part of the routine the best. She got ready to get down on all fours. The instructor called out for the downward dog position. Jane got down in no time to go through the movements. Jane got back up to a sitting position when she was done.

Goodbye Love
Karen fell in love with a boy named Josh. Josh didn't love her like she loved him and he broke up with her. She had to let him go because he didn't want to be with her. Letting go broke her heart and made her very sad. She had to say goodbye to love and hopes to be happy again one day.

The Young Gymnast
Ellie was inspired to learn gymnastics after watching the Olympics. She went to her first class full of nerves and anticipation. When it was her turn to walk the balance beam, she was shaking. Ellie took a deep breath and thought of the brave Olympic champions. Their inspiration helped Ellie find her balance and walk strongly.

Hank's Hot Dogs
Hank had the best grill in town. He would hold cookouts with people who would pay for his hot dogs. However, people became jealous of Hank and his grill. One night, some people stole his grill! Hank was devastated at the loss of his grill.

Elevator
I take an elevator to get to my office. This morning the elevator got stuck. I was waiting for help for hours. Because I was stuck, I was late for work. My boss was angry at first, but then he laughed.

Jemma gets fit
Jemma was overweight and out of shape. She decided to take her health more seriously. Jemma started eating better and walking daily. People started to notice Jemma losing weight and getting fit. Jemma's mother and sister started to join her on her walks.

Winning For a Prize
Jane took his boyfriend to a carnival. They walked around to explore different attractions. One of the workers offered them a chance to play a game. He said that they can win a prize for hitting a bottle with a ball. On Jane's first attempt, she knocked out the bottle.

bulbs
Eva wanted to grow flowers in her garden. She found it hard to get them to sprout from seeds. So she went to the flower nursery. There, she bought flower bulbs. She planted them and watched her flowers spring up!

The Oil Change
Alan needed to get an oil change. He went to the auto shop. Alan learned the price of an oil change and it was too high. Alan went home and learned how to change the car's oil himself. He saved a lot of money by doing that.

Bottom of the bag.
Ed tossed a bag of chips into his backpack before he walked to school. He then put in his textbooks and notebooks. At lunch he opened his bag to get his chips. The books had crushed all of Ed's chips. Ed had to eat the destroyed chips for lunch.

School Days
Marsha went to school every day to learn. She loved to go to school and see her friends. She got to go on a field trip with the school. She was happy her friends got to go with her. Marsha learned a lot by going on the field trip.

Crazy Christmas Gifts
I wanted some new video games for Christmas. They were on sale at Walmart for Black Friday. My Dad and I decided to go out shopping. We left at 10 o'clock Thanksgiving night. I couldn't believe the amount of people I saw at Walmart.

BraceFace
As a teenager, I needed to get braces. I wasn't looking forward to it. At the orthodontist, I learned that I had to get six teeth pulled. I got the procedure, and I was in so much pain. I didn't want anything to do with braces or teeth after that.

Cold Burrito
Kim wanted to eat a frozen burrito for lunch. So she put one in the oven. She was becoming impatient however. So she turned off the oven 5 minutes too early. Kim was upset that the middle portion was still cold.

Fishing
Scott wants to go fishing with his friend tomorrow. He has so many chores to get done before he can go. He organizes his to do list and accomplishes his goal. He has finished all of his chores. He is now allowed to go fishing with his friends.

Summer Day
It was a hot summer day for Jill and her children. So Jill decided to buy some kiddie pools and set them up. The kids cooled off and played. Other kids who were walking by saw and asked to join them. Soon, all of the neighborhood kids were cooling off at Jill's house.

Sharing the Wealth
Joe brought home a can to collect for UNICEF. He planned to bring the can trick-or-treating to fill it up. Everyone seemed happy to donate to the UNICEF can. Joe shook out a few coins, then emptied half the can. His teacher looked please when he turned it in.

No Keys!
Alex realized she locked her keys in her car. She tried to call her family members who had an extra key. Nobody could bring her a key. She called a locksmith. She locksmith charged her $100 to get into her car.

Smooth Sailing?
We went whale watching on a stormy day in August. The crew assured us that we'd get far enough out to avoid it. Waves pounded the boat and the windows were deluged in water. I began to think this was a bad idea as the boat rocked wildly. Then the skies cleared as we made it to the channel and it was calm.

Thunderstorm
Kaley took a cooler of food and drinks to the park. A few friends visited and they had a volleyball match. When a thunderstorm occurred, they decided to stay in a pavilion. The weather cleared up and they left the park. The thunderstorm occurred again on the ride home.

Waste of Time
A lot of things were supposed to happen today at my house. I was expecting our bed to be delivered. The run down shed was supposed to be removed at my landlord's expense. My husband and I agreed that I should stay home to take care of these. Not surprisingly, no one ever showed up.

Noise Conspiracy
I was waiting at baggage claim in Stockholm. I kept seeing large items go by with INC painted on them. They seemed to look like instruments. I noticed a group of young men come and collect the items. I had been on the same flight as the International Noise Conspiracy!

The Hot Chocolate
Carson's mother made him some hot chocolate as a treat. She warned him to wait five minutes for it to cool down. Carson could barely wait one minute! He drank the very hot chocolate. When he burned his tongue, he realized his mother had been right.

Joey's Lie
Yesterday my brother Joey tried to get me in trouble with my Mom. He told a lie and said that I took his favorite toy truck. I was so mad that he blamed me because I didn't take it. Today Joey found his truck under his bed. Mom gave him a spanking for lying.

Helicopter
Mabel wanted to go on a helicopter ride. She saved her money. Finally she could buy a helicopter tour ticket. She excitedly took the tour. Mabel knew she wanted to go again soon.

Rhonda's fight
Rhonda and her husband don't get along. They disagreed on dinner. Rhonda told her husband she didn't care what they had to eat. He knew she wanted sushi. Rhonda finally admitted she wanted sushi.

Eating Disorder
Donald always had a problem with food. He was also lazy and never active. Eventually he grew up to get diabetes. By the time he was 30 he needed a foot to be amputated. He died in his early forties.

Sue's Accident
Sue was nervous to take her driving test. However, she passed with flying colors. The instructor was impressed with Sue's skills. He gave Sue her new license and waved goodbye. As Sue waved back, she backed up into  the mailbox!

Brent Goes Hunting
Brent is an avid hunter. Brent wanted to shoot a deer. Brent put on his camouflage gear. Brent was not able to hunt a deer. Brent went home disappointed.

submarine trip
Ike's class was going on a field trip to the Navy submarine. Ike was thrilled since he'd always wanted to visit the submarine! But as soon as he climbed down into it, his chest tightened. He began to panic, feeling that he was closed in too tightly. He left quickly, realizing he really didn't like submarines after all!

Timmy Gets Burned
Timmy was making french fries. He cut up some potatoes. Afterwards, he put them in his deep fryer. Oil splashed on his arm afterwards. Timmy ran his arm through water to treat his burn.

The Foul
Martin was a violent soccer player. He would always take cheap shots at opponents. One day he was fouled really hard. He complained to the ref but was ignored. Ever since then he started being less violent.

Cruise
I decided to go on a cruise. I booked a trip for my wife and I for a four day Bahamas cruise. It was everything we could have dreamed of. Alas, when we returned home we realized how much we missed the cruise. We decided to book another one!

Cookies
Sue was baking sugar cookies. She had a batch in the oven. She then had to take her dog out. She came in the house and the oven was full of smoke. Sue had burned the cookies.

The Roller Coaster
Martin and his older brother Jim went to the amusement park. Martin was afraid of heights. Martin agreed to go on any ride except for the roller coaster. Jim offered Martin $50 if he would ride the roller coaster with him. Martin enjoyed the ride so much he rode it 10 times that day.

Riley Visits Argentina
Riley had always heard that Argentina had delicious food and wine. He decided he wanted to go there to try it for himself. On his visit he tried a lot of terrific food. Unfortunately, he became sick on the last day of his visit. Despite his sickness, Riley considered this the trip of his life.

The Long Move
As a child Paul's family took a vacation to Washington state. From that day on he wanted to move there. He tried to save up money several times but could not. Many years later his mother passed away and left him $30,000. He was finally able to relocate to Washington.

Space mountain
I was about to go on space mountain for the first time. I was nervous. As I sat on the cart, we started zooming. We twisted and turned very fast. I started to feel sick.

The Remote
Brad can never find the remote in his house. Whenever I go over there to watch a game we search for hours looking. I told him to get a beeper to put on it so he can find it. He never listens to anything I say so he won't do that. Next time I'm there I'm just going to bring a remote.

The tree topper.
Megan had recently put up her Christmas tree. She didn't own a topper for it, though. While she was out she saw a pretty one. She bought it and brought it home. Unfortunately it was too tall combined with the tree and wouldn't fit.

Canine Rescue
Patricia loved rescuing strays dogs. Anytime she'd see a lonely dog she'd offer it a home. She'd clean them up and get rid of their fleas. Once they were well enough, she'd find them a new home. It made her happy to create these friendships.

Stealing
There he was poised to make a run for it. He knew he might get caught, but he didn't care. He looked left, then right, then left again. It was his time to make a move. He bolted off of first base and slid into second, he was safe.

The Plumber
Jay called in a local plumber to take a look at his broken toilet. The plumber started working, taking the toilet apart. Unfortunately, he forgot to turn off the water supply. Within minutes, there was water everywhere. The entire bathroom had been flooded.

Antioch
Neil had just arrived in Turkey. He set out to explore the city of Antioch. He saw many churches and cathedrals. Then he had an excellent lunch of street food. Neil really loved Antioch!

New handbag
Kelly was excited to get a new handbag. She searched everywhere for a black bag. She was very particular. She finally found a Marc Jacobs bag at Bloomingdales. She immediately picked it up.

The garden
A little girl planted a garden in her backyard in the spring. She was so excited that every morning she would get up. Go outside and take care of her garden with extra care. She would water them, she would weed them, and even gave them shade. And by fall she had the biggest garden she ever had.

The swing fall.
Bree and Vanessa were swinging in the park. They started competing to see who could go the highest. Vanessa went so high she was basically horizontal. Unfortunately, this caused her to fall off the swing. She hit the ground and broke her ankle.

Leave?
Gina had been waiting on the principal for 15 minutes. She wanted to something to do to pass the time. She got up and started towards the door. She was stopped by the receptionist. Gina wasn't allowed to leave until she had seen the principal.

Life is a Circus
A boy walked up to the ticket taker at the local circus. He asked if he could get in for free because he was poor. The ticket taker pitied the boy but couldn't do what he wanted. The boy began to dance for the people in line to earn money. The boy bought his ticket and gave the ticket taker a dirty look.

Whole foods pizza
One of my favorite pizzas is from whole foods. They have the best pizza. I always get the veggie pizza. Whole foods charges a small amount too. I picked some up yesterday.

Trip to Chocolate Factory
Allie was excited to go to the chocolate factory today. Allie and her friends walked into the factory with extra large grins. The factory worker gave the girls some delicious candy. When Allie tasted the chocolate, it melted in her mouth. Allie and her friends left the factory with full bellies.

Hard To Tell
Jake had to tell his parents he was going to get divorced. He knew they would take his wife's side. He was right. He finally had enough. He told them they could marry her, if they loved her that much.

New Ball
Tim had a dog who loved his ball. Tim would throw his dog the ball all the time. One time time Tim through the ball and it went down a storm drain. The dog and Tim tried to get the ball but couldn't reach it. Tim bought his dog a new ball so they could play again.

The nice journal.
Emma had to go away for a few months. Before she left, her boyfriend gave her a nice notebook. She read it all within her first week gone. Then, she started adding to the journal. When she got home, she gave him the journal to read.

Lost Violin
I play violin and carry my instrument everywhere. One night in college I took my violin to a local bar. I had a few drinks and accidentally left the violin. My parents received a call at 2 am that my violin was found. I went to the bar to retrieve the violin.

Don't Burn the Toast
Alice was sitting on the couch when she became hungry. She got up and walked to the kitchen. She put bread in the toaster and waited. She started to smell something burning. Alice opened the toaster to burnt bread.

Goodbye
My Aunt found out she had stage four lung cancer. Two days later we left to make the eight hour drive to Los Angeles. Six and a half hours into the drive I received a phone call. At home and in comfort she had passed peacefully minutes earlier. She lay in state when I arrived to say my goodbye.

Playing
Gabe, Nate and Joe were brothers with a ton of energy. Because of their antics, their mother asked them to go outside. They happily went out into the warm summer sunshine. They played tag and kickball for hours. When they finally came in, they were exhausted!

Fleas
Tracy's cat was named Bob. Bob had fleas. Tracy went to the pet store to get flea medicine for Bob. The pet store was out of medicine. Bob still has fleas.

Old Shoes
Jane was cleaning her boyfriend's room. She was going to throw away some old shoes. He told her not to. He had them for many years. Jane understood that they held sentimental value.

Another Hot Day
Gina woke up at noon to discover it was another hot day. She decided she would stay in the basement all day. She opened the curtain to let the light in. It was still too dark, so she turned on the overhead light. After a few hours the room was no longer cool.

Winter Heating
It was starting to get cold outside. The Smith family was chopping firewood this Sunday afternoon. They brought in a few bundles of firewood inside their home. They made a warm and cozy fire in the fireplace. The Smith family was able to stay warm throughout the entire winter.

Fairness is Not Always Optimal
Two fishing trawlers got their nets tangled together. The crews tried and tried, but they couldn't get the nets apart. It grew clear that one net would have to be cut to save the other. The skippers could not agree on whose nets to cut. The only solution they could agree on was cutting both, to be fair.

Sweet and Sour
Nora was delighted to try her grandma's sweet pickles. Her grandma packed a box of pickle jars for Nora's mom to take home. Nora's mom put the jars on a shelf. In the morning, Nora's mom found all the jars had broken seals. Nora found the last jar she opened was sweet instead of sour pickles.

Wrong Order
Drew stopped his car in front of the drive Thru window. The person on the intercom asked what he wanted to order. He ordered a chicken sandwich. When he moved towards the front window, the lady appeared. She gave him an ice cream.

Jim takes Michaela out
One morning, Jim was admiring his crush, Michaela. He decided that he would approach her. When he introduced himself, she was very friendly. He asked her out and they made plans. Later, Jim picked Michaela up for their date.

Going Golfing
Tom thought it was a perfect day for golf. The sun was out and the weather was perfect. He decided to take the day off from work and play a game. Once there it started raining. He couldn't go back to work so he decided to play anyway.

Names
I was a mean older sister, and one day I had a brilliant meal idea. I called my sister Names, as in, "Hey, Names, get out of my seat." My sister started crying and told my mom I was calling her Names. My mom said "I can't punish her if you don't tell me what names!" My sister was in great distress and I did not get in trouble.

Back to School
It was summer vacation and Sally was starting to get bored. She had played at the park all summer. She had read all of her books. Her mother told her next week she would go back to school. Sally was so excited to be back with her friends.

The Play
The children wanted to put on a play. They worked hard for weeks to learn their lines and music. On the day of the play, they put on their costumes and makeup. They sang and danced and performed for a large crowd. The audience clapped and cheered for the children.

First Time in Mexico
Charles didn't want to be an exchange student. But his mother made him take a class in Mexico. When he stepped off the airplane, his contact was not there. He started to take a one hundred and fifty dollar cab ride. But his contact showed up and took him to campus.

Sushi
Jessica loves to eat sushi. She decided to take a sushi making class. It was very difficult but worth it. She decided to test her skills on her family. They all loved the sushi Jessica made.

Mardi Gras
The friends went to New Orleans. They got invited to ride in the Mardi Gras parade. They threw beads. They wore costumes. It was a memory to last a lifetime.

Sam's Flight
Sam was afraid of planes. Sam had to take a plane to go to Disneyland. Sam was willing to fly to go there. Sam was scared the whole ride. When he finally landed he kissed the safe ground.

The Ice Cream Ball
Walt wanted some ice cream, so he went to the store to get some. When he got to the store, he saw the best invention he had ever seen. It was a ball that would make ice cream when you shook it! Walt put all his ingredients into the ice cream ball and shook it. When he opened up the ball, he ate his delicious ice cream.

Cheese
We bought a block of delicious cheese. It got put in the back of the fridge. Everyone forgot it was there. Later, when we were cleaning the fridge, we found a fuzzy green thing. It was the cheese, which had gotten moldy!

Richard's Survey
Richard is dreading this 3 hour survey. He knows he needs to get started. Richard forces himself to start the survey. It goes much faster than he thought. Richard is proud of himself for completing it.

Days
Gina's library was having books mailed from another location for her. It would take 3 days for the books to arrive. Gina had a report due in 5 days. She knew it would be tight. But she had no choice other than to wait.

The Host
A gameshow trivia host worked the same gameshow for 30 years. He auditioned in disguise for another trivia game show. He knew every answer on the show and set a new record. He celebrated too hard at his win and his disguise fell off. The audience gasped as he ran off with his prize money.

Towel
I was taking a shower. When I finished, I realized I forgot to grab a towel from the closet. I had to walk nude to the closet. I dripped water all over the wood flooring. The wood became moldy and I had to repair it.

One Day
My speaker box came through the mail. I immediately opened it and tried to set it up. When the music was playing from it, the quality was good. During the next day, it wasn't working. I had to send it back for a replacement.

James Plays Baseball
James realizes he hasn't left his home in days. He decides to go to the park to see if anyone is playing baseball. He finds a bunch of guys playing and decides to join one team. They play very hard but in the end the other team wins. James is still happy that he has at least left the house.

Dedication
Ben was working out yesterday. He dropped a forty-five pound plate on his foot. He had to go to the emergency room for a fractured foot. Ben's operation cost a ton of money. He can't wait to go back to the gym, though.

Deadlift
I decided to go to the gym. I deadlifted a barbell. It was too heavy. Thus, my back bent. Thus, I got a hernia.

Catnip
I think my cat is addicted to catnip. We put some on her favorite cat toy. We left it where she could find it. We found her going crazy over that toy. To this day, she cleans that thing.

Salad Days
Joan started a diet eating only salads. She felt proud eating her salads as co-workers ate fast food. Joan expected the pounds to fall off. When she stepped on a scale, Joan had actually gained weight. Then she looked at the calorie info on the salad dressing label.

Lost and Found
Julie decided to go out for a walk. While walking she noticed the same fliers on different poles. She pulled one down to get a closer look at it. It was a flier for a missing dog with a reward. During her walk Julie found the dog and returned it to it's owner.

Star Wars
I had been waiting for the seventh Star Wars film for many years. Finally, it was one day before the release date. I was excited! Alas, my mother died the day of the release. Therefore, I was too sad to see Star Wars.

The Cat Comes Home
Our kids were always asking if we could get a cat for a pet. We looked at the local shelter website to see the available cats. A very pretty cat named Olympia was available, so we went to see her. The kids, as well as my wife and I, fell in love instantly. Olympia is now a part of our family!

Penny Loafers
My mom used to take me school shopping each August. The year before 4th grade she surprised me with a pair of loafers. I hated them and kept them on my dresser hoping never to wear them. One school day my mom made me wear them to school. I was the only student that sat on her feet in the hall before class.

Car problem
Anna heard a weird noise from her car. She took it to the mechanic to get checked out. She wondered if it would be pricey. But the mechanic said it wouldn't be. He said Anna's car would only cost $90 to fix!

A New Car
My car broke down. I was tired of fixing it all the time. I decided to get a new car. I went to the dealer. I bought a car from the dealer.

The Car Auction
Jimmy has plans to go to the car auction. He did not want to go by himself. He asked his wife to go with him. She agreed. Jimmy was very happy that he did not have to go alone.

Trip to Candy Store
Kevin was excited to take a trip to the candy store and could not wait. When he got to the store he immediately ran to the chocolate. Kevin grabbed the first chocolate bar he saw and took a bite. The chocolate was delicious and he knew he had to buy it. At the end of the transaction, Kevin spent about $50.

The Cow
Today one of our cows got out of the pen. I chased after the cow on my truck. I was able to move the cow back to the pen. I fixed the weak spot in my fence. I hope no more cows try to test my fence.

Bicycle
Zoey was excited for her mother to teach her how to ride a bike. She put on her helmet and her knee-pads and ran to find her mother. They went outside, and got Zoey's bike out of the garage. Zoey loved spending time with her mother. She learned how to ride her bicycle and bonded with her mom.

My Mistake
My brother challenged me in a football match with our friend. My friend had the ball and tried to pass it to my brother. After my brother got the ball, I ran after him. I ended up falling on him. His arm became broken.

Pat's Personal Record
Pat loved to lift heavy weights. For weeks he couldn't lift more than 200 pounds. He trained for weeks and weeks trying to go heavier. He seemed to have no success, until the day finally arrived. Pat broke his record and lifted 210 pounds!

Bingo Night
Pam loves to stay home instead of going out. Her friends convinced her to go out for bingo night. Pam grudgingly agreed and they went to the local casino. Pam won several rounds of bingo. Pam now regularly goes out weekly to play bingo.

Hunting
Dan and his dad went to the forest to go hunting. The pair walked through the woods looking for an animal. All of a sudden, the duo found a deer for Dan to shoot. When Dan was supposed to shoot, he broke down crying. Dan's dad told him that it was okay and they went home.

Wrong Use
Tina bought a face cream for her sister. Since her sister had a bump on her arm, she put the face cream on it. A few days later, a rash formed around the bump. She tried to wash it with hot water. It increased in size.

Camp Site Terror
We had just settled into our tent when we heard rustling outside. One quick peek confirmed that a skunk was trying to get our food. I found a small stone and threw it in the bushes opposite the skunk. Thinking that something was coming out of the bushes, the skunk left. Luckily, our food was safe and no one got sprayed!

Rhonda Packs For Her Trip
Rhonda has been ready to take a beach vacation for months. She has been going to the gym to lose weight. Finally she buys a beautiful new swimsuit for her trip. She packs all of her things into her bag and she is ready to go. Rhonda can't wait until that airplane takes off.

Laundry
June hated doing laundry. But she decided to do it and get it out of the way. She threw it in the washer, then dried it. She folded everything and put it away afterwards. June felt so much better knowing it was all done!

Pharmacy
Mark wasn't feeling very well. He went to the pharmacy to get some cold medicine. There was a lot to choose from and he was unsure. Just then the pharmacist came and offered help to Mark. Mark got the medicine he needed and felt better in two days.

The zoo
The Zimmy family loves animals. So they decided to go to the zoo. They went to the zoo as soon as it opened. They stayed at the zoo all day until it closed. The Zimmy family enjoyed the zoo very much.

Balcony Party
Sue set up a small little area for a balcony party. She put a table and chairs on the balcony and added food and drinks. Her friends came over, sat on the balcony, ate and drank, and chatted. They played music and laughed and had fun. The party ended, and her friends went home.

Spain
Nell had always wanted to go to Spain. As soon as she could afford it she booked her ticket to Madrid. She stayed in Madrid for a few days before heading out to explore. Her explorations led her to walk the Camino de Santiago. Two months later she flew back to the United States a happy woman.

One Direction concert
Kelly was excited to attend a one direction concert. She won VIP passes and she couldn't wait. As soon as the concert started she was in heaven. At the end of the show she got to meet the bandmates. Just as she thought, they were super nice.

The Truce
Amy was at the end of her rope with her dorm mate Sue. She decided since they had to live together to try and get along. Amy and Sue had a conversation to work out their differences. Sue seemed to understand why Amy was upset. Amy left that day confident she and Sue were going to get along.

Too high
Amy was buying new athletic shoes. She looked online to get prices before going to the store. When she arrived she found the shoes were $30 more than online. The cashier explained online prices are often cheaper. Amy left the store upset with the deception.

The Bank
Boris needed money. He decided to hold up a bank. He used a fake gun. The police officer at the bank realized the gun was fake. The police officer shot Boris and arrested him.

Pets
Sally went to the pet store the other day. She was going to get a fish. But then saw the cutest puppy and wanted it. Her mom told her she couldn't just the fish. Sally now has a goldfish named Puppy.

blocks of ice
Brad and his dad decided they would make giant ice cubes. They bought large plastic tubs and filled them with water. They then put them outside in the winter. When the water froze, they brought them in and had large cubes. The ice cubes were too big for their glasses.

Making stew for the crew.
Jim and his friends had been working all day in the winter. Everyday, they would be trapped indoors with no food. One day Jim thought to bring food for his friends and him. He cooked a big stew all night since they could never go out to eat. Jim brought the stew and he and his friends at it while they worked.

Seafood Closing
Mike was starving and went to get seafood by himself. He went to a new place on the pier. He saw that there was a deal on crabfish so he got a basket. It was amazing and he ran home to tell his wife. The next day they went there and it was closed!

Sugar Cookies
Beth wanted a sweet treat, but didn't want to leave the house. She looked in the cupboards but there wasn't much to work with. She decided to make sugar cookies even though she had never before. She mixed up the ingredients and put them in the oven. To her delight her basic sugar cookies were delicious.

No Shame
I tripped going to work the other day. It was right at the entrance. I decided to roll with it and start dancing after. Everyone thought it was funny I was still ashamed but not nearly as much.

The Train
Today I took a train to meet my friends. The train was very loud and made it hard to sleep. I tried to take some sleeping pills to help me sleep. I fell asleep so hard that I missed my stop. I called my friends and bought a new ticket to meet up with them.

One of each
Sam was at the office supply store to buy pens for himself. He tried out all the pens on display to see how they felt. He decided to buy a set of 20 gel pens that were blue. At the register he paid with his credit card. To sign the receipt he used one of his new pens.

New Shoes
Johnny had been saving his money for a while. He had his eye on a new set of sneakers. They were expensive, but he really wanted them. He must have cut every lawn in the neighborhood to get the money. When he finally bought his sneakers, he was so excited.

Victoria Station
I met my sister in law in 1981. After we got married we asked her to go to dinner with us. She was very shy and said no, but changed her mind. We had dinner with her at Victoria Station, a steak house. It became her favorite restaurant.

Golfers
Ray wanted to get closer to his dad. His dad loved golfing, so Ray started to accompany him. Soon he was golfing like a pro. He realized he loved the game! Ray remained an avid golfer all his life.

buddhist
Sura was raised a Buddhist. She decided to explore other religions. She wasn't sure if she agreed with her own. But after researching many other faiths, Sura paused. She realized that she did agree with Buddhism after all.

Mason Visits Vermont
Mason had always wanted to pick apples in Vermont. Finally he made some friends who shared his dream. They drove together to Vermont one fall day. Mason picked a basket of delicious apples that day. He was so proud that his dream of seeing Vermont came true.

Escape
On January 10, 2011 I saw a mouse run under our oven. I put a sticky trap under the oven. That night I heard a squeal. I went to kill the mouse, but it had escaped. I bought new traps but I never got the mouse.

Beach Day
It was very warm outside today. Mom decided to take us to the beach. John and I played in the sand. We splashed our feet in the water. I had so much fun, I was exhausted!

New painting
Kelly decided to go to an art show. The show was long but worth it. At we show she found a piece she really liked. Kelly then decided to buy it. When she bought it it looked great in her room.

Puppy Love
Tom bought a brand new puppy for his family. They all agreed that they would help take care of it. After a few months, Tom was the only one taking care of it. He trained it and cared for it all by himself. Ton liked it though and he grew a bond with the dog.

R Rated Movie
Jimmy wanted his mom to take him to a superhero movie. It was rated R, so his mom said he couldn't go. Jimmy and his friends rode their bikes to the theater. They sneaked in through a back entrance. A theater employee found them, and kicked them out.

Learning a Sport
If I could go back in time I would play football. I didn't play it until later in life. I have so much fun now playing it but I'm still rusty on the rules. If I would have played in school I would have learned everything. Someday soon I will be at everyone's level.

Grounded
Beth was suspended from school for fighting. She was to stay home for 2 days. Her mother banished her to her room for those 2 days. Her mother took her laptop, and her phone from her. Beth sat in the room for 2 days bored.

Zoo
Chad's kids wanted to go to the zoo. Chad and his wife were too busy. They asked their grandparents to take them. They thought that was a great idea. The kids had a great time at the zoo!

The Unforgettable Tune
Ray couldn't get an irritating tune out of his head. He tried to distract himself, but the melody kept repeating itself. That night, he turned the radio on and got into bed to go to sleep. The radio played song after song all night long as Ray slumbered. In the morning, Ray was relieved to have forgotten the annoying tune.

Tall Tree
Mel walked into his backyard to get some apples. He walked under his apple tree. The branches were too high for him to reach. Mel shook the trunk as hard as he could. Several apples fell on to the ground.

Cold Hands
I came in from the cold last night. My girlfriend was lying on the sofa under some covers. I decided to get close and touch her with my hands. She screamed and jumped back. I laughed and apologized.

Jane's Day
Jane was having a rough week. She took off thursday morning to try and lift her mood. She went to the park and fed the ducks. There an old friend saw her and they reconnected. She went back to work in higher spirits.

Jane's New Haircut
Jane has always wanted to cut her hair in a bob. Her friends and family tell her that bob haircuts are out of style. However, Jane decide to get her hair cut anyway. She loves the way she looks in her new bob haircut. Jenny feels very happy with the way she looks now.

Cousins
Gina was at her dad's mom's house. So were her uncles children whom she didn't like. They pretended to get along. But there was a lot of tension between them. Gina knew it would be a long day.

Cindy's Discontinued Doll
Cindy's daughter had written a letter to Santa. Unfortunately, the doll her daughter wanted was discontinued. Cindy was disheartened that she wouldn't be able to get her the toy. She went online to investigate the matter. Cindy was able to find the doll for sale on a website.

Graduation
Cammy was excited to graduate high-school. She had been looking forward to walk on stage for weeks. She had a big speech prepared. On the day off her alarm didn't go off. She almost didn't make it on time.

speeding ticket
Henry was racing to get to work one morning. Suddenly he saw flashing lights behind him. A cop was pulling him over! Henry pulled over and the cop approached him. He handed Henry a ticket for speeding!

Pamper trouble
Edward needed to get his baby pampers. He needed to do it before his girlfriend Martha got out of work. His friend Richard invited him to play a game. They played for hours. Edward wasn't able to get the pampers on time.

Tomato Thief
Jill's tomatoes kept disappearing off the plant on her deck. There'd be one ready to be picked the next day. But when she'd get up in the morning, it would be gone. One day she got up extra early. When she looked outside there was a fat squirrel eating her tomatoes.

Brad Reconnects With His Father
Brad's father had abandoned him when he was 4. Brad was now 25 and wanted to reconnect with his father. Brad was able to obtain his father's number through the internet. They scheduled a meeting at a local restaurant. They met for dinner and were able to reconnect with each other.

German
Matt wanted to go to Germany. He decided to learn German. He bought language books and started reading. It was really difficult. He gave up and decided not to go to Germany.

Graduation
She was dropped off at college the day after she turned 18. Her roommate asked her to go to a party. She met a lot of nice people there. Over the Year's, these people became her closest friends. They stayed in touch for Years after graduation.

Picking Flowers
Nell loved to walk in the field behind her house. One day, as she walked she picked flowers. Ahead, she saw an endless procession of flowers of every color. Eventually, Nell noticed the sky had darkened. She turned around to see her house far in the distance.

Tough Luck
I missed the afternoon school bus to stay after school. I walked to the front of the cafeteria for a club meeting. The notice on the front door said that the meeting is cancelled. I sat down in the front of the school to wait for my parents. My teacher saw me and offered a ride home.

The Closed Mountain Passes
Jan and Tom were planning on driving from Switzerland to Italy. They wanted to see a special shrine, but needed to return immediately. But they didn't know many Swiss mountain passes close for winter! What they thought would be a trip of a few hours took them over ten. By the time they made it there, the shrine was closed!

Pets
Melanie has a cat. The cat had terrible skin. She took the cat to get an allergy test. The cat was allergic to her food. Melanie now spends lots of money on a different kind of pet food.

Black Eye
Lucy was hit in the face with a baseball. Her eye was swollen and bruised. Her grandmother put an ice pack on the eye. But it was too late. Lucy already had a black eye.

online date
Ava's friends set er up on a date with a man they found online. Ava was hesitant. She thought the date would be a failure. She agreed to go anyways. To her surprise, she really liked the man they'd picked!

Day off.
Ben wanted to stay home and didn't want to work. He decided to lie to stay home. He told his boss that he wasn't feeling well. His boss was ok with it and Ben got to stay home. Ben did feel guilty about it however.

Surf's Up
Rick was really making me angry. I vowed to get back at him. He came up to us to brag about his exploits on the waves. I handed him my surfboard and invited him to show us firsthand. Rick hasn't been around to brag to us lately.

Molly
Molly was so excited about her upcoming birthday. She was finally going to be 18, officially an adult. She decided to move out and be on her own. Her parents threw her a surprise birthday party. Molly was sad about leaving them.

The Irritating Neighbor
Downstairs from me lives a man with an overbearing personality. He can hear me walk down my stairs and often meets me at the bottom. It irritates me that I have to speak with him anything I leave. He has made me late for work and appointments. One day, I finally yell at him and I have not heard from him since.

Overtime
Libby had been waitressing all day and was tired. Then a coworker had a sudden emergency and begged Libby to stay late. Libby was kind and needed money badly, so she agreed. Her very last table of the night left her a $100 tip. Libby was so glad she had agreed to work late!

The Friend at Church
Lucy and her grandma were at church on a Sunday. Lucy was bored and ready to go home. A girl from Sunday school asked if she wanted to come over. Lucy's grandma gave her permission to go with. Lucy decided she would go home to change, then visit the new friend.

Tank
Amy had a little goldfish. She put it in a big tank. Then she added a filter and a few more fish friends. She cleaned the tank every week. Amy's fish were happy and lived a long time!

Going for a Ride
It was a warm day and the gas was cheap. I decided to drive around with the top down. The sun's warmth caressed my face as wind swept over my head. It was pleasant and calming. I wish I could go back to when everything wasn't so cold and expensive.

Boss
Leslie is my boss and she is very good at her job. She is always pushing me to take on more and more. Sometimes she frustrates me and I have to complain to her. She simply tells me it's for my own good and she's making me stronger. I should listen to her more because she has promoted me twice.

Office Picnic
Mary stopped at the store to buy something for the office picnic. She saw a quart of coleslaw on sale and bought it. The cole-slaw smelled a bit off, but Mary set it out on the table. Later that day, several people at the picnic felt ill. Mary said her co-worker's potato salad must have spoiled.

Gifts
I bought my mother a hat for her birthday. I also got a beautiful box to put it in. I got two big balloons and a birthday card. I had the items delivered to her house. She called me to tell me how much she loved the gifts.

Apples
Amanda wanted to bake a apple pie. However, she did not have apples for the pie. Amanda decided to go to the store to purchase some apples. The store did not have any apples. Therefore, Amanda could not bake the apple pie again.

Morning Jog
Jeffrey woke up 8 o'clock in the morning. He put on his exercising gear and went to the park. When his friend visited him at the park, both of them started to run. In addition, we used the exercising equipment to work out. We were in the park for a couple of hours.

Patience
Yesterday was Mark's birthday. It was a Monday, so he had to go to school. He knew he had a birthday party after school. He was excited all day. When he got to the party, he was very happy.

Walking in snow.
Sean needed to go to the bank. He had to walk, but it was snowing. He put on some warm clothes. Then, he trudged through the snow. Finally, he made it to the bank.

Cold
I had to take a walk to the store last night. It was so cold, I didn't want to go, but I had to. I dressed warmly and headed out. When I got home, my fingers and toes were numb from cold. It took me an hour to warm up again!

Sun Tanning
I went to the beach last summer to try to get a tan. I applied baby oil all over my skin and laid down. It was very soothing listening to the waves and such. I ended up falling asleep while still tanning. I woke up with massive sunburn all over my body.

Paris
Joni's class is leaving for Paris in the morning. She is very excited and can't wait to get there. Overnight, a terrible storm hits and is still raging in the morning. The flight to Paris has been cancelled. Joni is very disappointed.

The Rock
I bought a house with an ugly yard In the middle of the yard was a giant stone. I tried to move it but it was too heavy. He picked at the stone with a chisel. He carved the rock into a lion head and kept it.

New Shoes
Chad was eight Year's old and growing fast. One day his mom noticed that his shoes were too small for his feet. She took him to the mall to get new shoes. Chad tried on many shoes before he found the perfect pair. He was certain that his new shoes were the best in existence.

Tipsy
Bill put his dog in the fence and went out for the night. After a few drinks with friends, Bill headed home. He found his dog weaving in circles and acting tipsy. Bill thought he must have drank too much himself. Then he saw the lawn was filled with half-eaten mushrooms.

The Hike
Tom decided to go for a hike. During the hike, he came across a black bear. He scared the bear off by yelling. Tom was surprised the bear ran off. Tom was able to finish his hike.

Writer
Matt has always really wanted to write a book. He decided to take a writing course at a community college. After a couple months, Matt felt competent enough to start a book. It took him two years, but he finished it. He ended up getting published and made a decent salary from it.

The Art Gallery
Samantha was really interested in drawing. She had contacted a local art gallery about displaying her work. She put up her drawings of still life for everybody to see. People were amazed by her work. She sold a few of her paintings for a few thousand dollars.

Burnt Toast
Tom was always forgetful. So he parents were nervous whenever he made food. Tom put bread in the toaster and went back to his room. His parents smelled smoke and quickly turned off the toaster. Tom was never allowed to make food by himself again.

The Man Next Door
Amy and her brother made friends with a man who moved next door. The man showed them his cages filled with exotic singing birds. When they told their parents, they were forbidden to visit the man. One day, the sound of the birds stopped. Feeling ostracized, the man had moved away.

Forwarder
Gene asked Marty why he wasn't getting his department email. He said the Chief had emailed him some documents yesterday. Marty checked to see if everything was set up correctly. He fixed a letter which was off in the forwarder. Gene is getting all his email now.

Mr. Song
Mister Song was a brilliant concert pianist. One day at a concert his piano was in horrible pitch. The audience noticed and started to get restless. Mister Song opened the piano and peered inside. A mouse was running around on the strings, dampening the sound.

Too Cold!
I decided to visit Chicago. I didn't realize just how cold it would be. When I arrived, I realized I didn't pack the correct clothing. Thus, for three days I was freezing cold! Finally, I decided to go shopping and get a winter coat.

Jenna Takes a Cab
It was a hot summer afternoon. Jenna wanted to go to the beach. She started up her car. It would not start up. Jenna had to call a taxi in order to get to the beach.

Laundry
I try to do Laundry twice a week. Last week I managed to get it all done in one day. Until Nick came home  and cleared out his closest. I made him wash his own clothes that night. Now he knows to put them in the Laundry.

Police Surprise
Chad was in a rush to get to work yesterday. In such a rush, Chad was stopped by a police for speeding. However, this was no normal police officer that pulled over Chad. Chad was shocked to see Shaquille O'Neal pull him over. Chad was elated to see his favorite basketball player as a police.

Rashes
Jannie loved animals. So much that she was always picking up strays. Everyone told her she would catch a disease one day. She found a raccoon digging in her trash and brought it in as a pet. Jannie no longer picks up stray animals thanks to poison ivy.

This Is The One
Tory purchased the most perfect crystal earrings. She adored the way they set off her color. But shiny things fade fast. She decided she needed pearls instead. She was sure she wouldn't be disappointed again.

Dinner Party
Dave wanted to throw a nice dinner party for some friends of his. He bought a lot of  crackers and cheese. He got some steaks for the main course. When he sent out the invites, only one person said they could make it. It became a date and they had a wonderful evening.

The Hairdresser
Erica was going to prom with the boy of her dreams. However, she didn't have the money to get her hair done. The day of prom, she decided to do her own hair. It turned out horribly, and prom was an hour away. Erica's friend rushed over and fixed her hair, saving the day.

Joe The College Graduate
Joe had recently graduated from college. He applied to various jobs everywhere. He didn't get any replies back for interviews. Joe had to move back to his parent's house. He had to get a part-time job delivering pizzas to support himself.

Prom
Nick did not have a date for his prom. His friend Nena also lacked a date. Nick suggested they go together. Nena agreed to go as friends. They both enjoyed their senior prom.

My First Horse Ride
The first time I had seen a horse I was awestruck. It was incredibly beautiful but also huge and intimidating. I was offered a ride on the stunning creature and accepted. We went through woods and valleys with a steady stride. Although I had been scared, it was an amazing experience.

Sam's Mistake
Sam thought he was the strongest one in the gym. He said he would give $1000 to anyone who could lift more than him. At first nobody could lift more than him. One man at the back of the gym approached. He lifted more than Sam with one hand and took his money.

Sales
Deb wanted to go shopping. She had only fifty dollars but was looking for a few items. Deb was worried she wasn't going to have enough money. When Deb began shopping she kept on finding great sales. She found everything she needed and had money left over.

Infected Toenail
Charles had a crush on Marlene, a girl from class. She asked him to take pictures of her walking on the beach. He picked her up and they went to a beach to take pictures. But Charles had to take off his shoes and walk in the sand. Charles' toe was completely infested with fungi, he was embarrassed.

Blue
Martha's depression was reaching a fever pitch. She could barely muster the energy to walk outside to check the mail. The depression hit her all at once. She didn't know where to turn for help. A friend found Martha in her weakened state and stuck by her.

New chicken place
A new chicken place opened up down the street. When I went to check it out, the line was out the door. The chicken was amazing. When I got to the front, they said we had free fries. I was happy.

Pomade
Bob needed a haircut. He decided to go to the salon. The lady gave him a great haircut. However, she roped him into buying pomade. He never went back to that salon.

Accident Happen
Reggie was proud of having 12 years without a car accident. Reggie needed to go to a nearby store. Reggie got some electronics and some beer for later. Reggie headed home and went to turn left at a green light. A vehicle with a turn signal did not turn and crashed into Reggie.

Is It Supper Time Yet?
We decided to take a tour of the old houses downtown. My wife and I ended up at one that seemed quite abandoned. We were surprised to find the old mansion had a guided tour. The kindly woman asked us if we knew cannibals had once lived there. As her friends appeared with knives, we surmised they did, still.

Late
Karen set her alarm clock, so she could go to work the next morning. The power went out that night. She did not wake up on time. Karen received a phone call from her boss asking about her tardiness. She rushed to work over and hour late and behind on her work.

Baseball Game
OUr family loves baseball very much. We decided to go to an afternoon game one Sunday. The kids enjoyed ice cream and we enjoyed hot dogs. My husband caught a fly ball. It was an eventful day at the ballpark!

Boat ride
Chris took his girl on a boat trip. They went to channel islands Park. The ferry ride was an hour. Along the way they saw blue whales. It was the most amazing boat ride.

Smoke Detectors
Jerry was cooking a steak on his cast iron skillet. All of a sudden, his skillet lit on fire. He had set his stove way too high of a temperature. Jerry let the flames die down. He had to turn off the smoke detectors inside his home.

A new dog
Julie's family wanted a new dog. They visited an animal shelter to get one. Julie loved all the dogs, but one cute mutt in particular. They took him home and she named him Jax. Julie was so happy, and loved Jax dearly.

Teddy
Once I met a cute boy. He was an artist. We decided to date and get to know one another. One day, I told him my favorite president was Teddy Roosevelt. He said he didn't care for history and we never spoke again.

Christmas Photo
Selena always tried to get a great Christmas photo. Unfortunately her family hated posing for photos. Selena had to resort to bribery to convince them to do it. Eventually she was able to get everyone in one place. The photo was taken and Selena knew her efforts were worth it.

Movie rip off
I used to love going to the movies. Now I will never go back because it's expensive. They overcharge for everything. Food and the tickets are overpriced. I am much happier with my Netflix subscription instead.

Love Story
Jack wants to go out with Jill. But Jill is unsure. He plays a cheesy love song in front of her and the whole school. She agrees to go out with him. They fall in love with each other and live happily ever after.

The Dry Cleaners
Todd took his suit into the dry cleaners to get it cleaned. He gave the clerk the suit and asked when to pick it up. The clerk said in three hours. Todd drove home and drove back in three hours. He got the suit, paid, and drove home again.

Adelle
Singer Adele is coming to Chicago. I wanted her concert tickets to give as a Christmas gift. Her online tickets sold out in twenty minutes. Scalpers are flipping Adele tickets for thousands of dollars. I changed my mind about Adele tickets.

Wasted Money
Harry was going to go hiking last week. He bought so much gear in preparation. However, when he was about to go, he could not find his tent. He ended up staying home. All that money spent ended up being for nothing.

Play Ball
Sam wanted to play baseball very badly. He worked all summer to get enough money to buy a glove. He went his local sporting goods store. Sam bought his first ever baseball glove. He was so proud he ran straight home to show his parents.

Too many favors
I was supposed to hang out with my family today. However, my friend came over and needed company. After she left, my cousin called asking for help in math. When I went to visit my aunt, no one was home. We promised to hang out, but she had to go to work.

In search of food
Mark was feeling hungry. There was no food in the house. He decided to go to a restaurant. He forgot most restaurants closed today. There was one Chinese restaurant thankfully open.

drunk
Ellen was drunk at the bar one night. She decided to drive home. She made it most of the way safely. But then, near home, she struck another vehicle. Ellen was arrested for drunk driving.

Johnny Plays Catch
Johnny loves playing catch with his dad. On weekdays his dad is busy. Finally it is Saturday! Johnny and his dad go outside to play catch. They have a wonderful Saturday together.

George and the Lamps
George had five lamps. He sold two lamps at his store. He put two lamps in his kitchen. The final lamp he gave to his daughter. She loved it.

New apartment
Kelly was excited to get her new apartment. She had been searching for one for the longest time. When she found the one she wanted, she was thrilled. She got to move in the next day. She ended up loving it.

Breaking Bad Tour
My mom and I love the show breaking bad. We decided to visit Albuquerque to see some of the sites from the show Our first stop was the laundry where Walt worked. When we got out of the car the cops came. The cops told us a man was on the loose and we should be careful.

Getting lost.
Annie had an appointment. She needed to go downtown. Unfortunately, she got lost. She spent almost an hour wandering around. Finally, she found the right building.

Batman ride
Kelly decided she wanted to go on a rollercoaster. Her friend suggested Batman. The girls went on the ride. As they went on it, Kelly started to scream. She was afraid and wished she didn't go on it.

A Bad Day Made Worse
When my father died my mother and I had to go to the hospital. We were hysterical and my aunt hoped they could sedate us. I was ten years old so they couldn't give me anything. My mother got even more agitated when she saw the syringe. The doctor had me hold my mother down while he injected her.

haunted
Ben's friend told him a local house was haunted. She dared him to go inside it. Ben was nervous, but he agreed. He went inside it and saw no ghosts or spooky things at all. He told his friend the house wasn't really haunted after all!

coffee
He was at a sluggish pace in the morning. He had woken up late, but was trying to get to work. He knew he needed something to pick him up. He pulled into the nearest drive thru. And there it was, coffee, what he needed to get his day started.

Carlos Visits a Church
Carlos had always wanted to visit a church. He decided to take a trip to a local church in his town. At the church he was impressed with the the stained glass windows. He spoke with many other people at the church. Carlos was happy he had taken a trip to the church.

Not good grades.
Mike wanted to earn a pizza party at school. In order to do so, he needed to get good grades. His grades so far had been not so great. That month, he worked as hard as he could. Luckily, he got his grade up high enough and earned the pizza.

Stinky Toe Warning
There was a place that everyone who lived had stinky toes. Sam was a beautiful girl but she lived in that place. I wanted to visit her but the stench was truly horrific. Once I saw her it was all worth it. I wore a nose clip from then on out.

The Blizzard
Mary was visiting family at her childhood home. During her visit a blizzard occurred. She was very excited to see all the snow. Her family felt stressed but she was full of vigor. She helped her family by shoveling all the snow for them.

Sun Shine
Every morning, sun shining through Gabe's window woke him up. So he decided to get dark curtains. The curtains blocked the sunlight. And Gabe's room was also cooler. Gabe got the same curtains for every window in his house.

Unwanted Roses
I was in Rome and all over are flower salesman. It is a bit of a scam so I always avoid it. This one insisted it was free so I took it to get away. He then started to ask for money. I gave back the rose, frustrated.

Walking to a store.
Emma and Sara wanted to go for a walk. They decided to go to the store. They walked down the road. Then, they were at a store. There, they bought snacks.

harmless rash
Timmy was an average healthy man. Yesterday, he noticed a sore on his arm. He went to the doctors to get it checked out. It was a minor rash. It went away by itself.

Rocks
Daisy loves to collect rocks and is proud of her large collection. Most of her rocks were found at home or in the school yard. New specimens were getting harder to find, making her sad. Daisy's parents wanted to help, so they planned a trip to the Park. That weekend, they all had a great time together hiking for new rocks.

Enough is Enough
Jeff has been trying to get a promotion at work. He has been trying at this for a year now and is growing impatient. The company he works for decided to go with an outside hire instead. Jeff felt that this was a direct slap in the face from his boss. Jeff stormed into his boss's office and quit on the spot.

Living in a Car
Sean decided to move out of his parent's house. But, he didn't have enough money for an apartment. He decided to live in his car. One night, someone stole his car. Now, he was completely homeless.

Car Ride
Lacy had two children. It was nearly impossible to get them to sleep. When one was about to sleep, the other's noises would keep them up. Lacy decided she needed some quiet time. She drove them around until they were both sound asleep.

Disney Dreams
Jade was a huge Disney fan. She wanted to go to Disneyworld really bad. Jade picked up an extra job and worked long hours. She saved every dime that she made. Jade made enough money and took her dream trip to Disney.

I went to buy a book.
I decided I wanted to read a nonfiction book this afternoon. After thinking about different books, I decided on store and left. The drive there was simple and quick. Once at the store I was able to find my book quickly and check out. I took my book home and proceeded to read it.

Pierce Ears
Tessa wanted to get her ears pierced. Her mom finally agreed. They went to the jewelry store at the mall. She sat in a tall chair with a worker on either side. On the count of three they pierced her ears at the same time.

France
Growing up, I had always wanted to visit France. When I was twenty-six, I got the chance to go. I traveled with a group of strangers to Paris. There we saw many monuments and works of art. Getting to go to France on that trip was a dream come true.

Cats
A pair of cats were sitting on a fence in the summer sun. A cloud passed over the sun and it bothered the cats. One cat jumped off the fence to try to get back into the light. He walked outside the shadow and sat back down again. The other cat saw this and decided to join him.

flat
Bev was driving home from work one day. Suddenly her ride got very bumpy. She pulled over and got out to check. Bev saw that she had a flat tire! She had to call the auto club to come and help her.

Surgery Day
I have to have surgery on Monday, which is five days away. As each day goes by I get more and more nervous. I have asked my mother to be at the hospital with me during my surgery She will drive me to and from the event and take care of me afterwards I am grateful that I have such a loving mother in my life.

Motorcycle
Rex owned a motorcycle. He decided to take it out for a ride. A semi-truck did not see him riding down the busy road. The truck almost hit Rex's bike. Rex was happy to have moved just in time to miss the truck.

Ricky Builds a Fence
Ricky had just gotten a new puppy. He wanted to get a fence installed at his home for the dog. He drove to his hardware store. He bought wooden planks and nails. He built the fence by himself in a week.

Track Meet
Jake was stretching for his first run in 20 minutes. He was ready, and his friends said good luck. He took first place! After the race his friends took him out to celebrate. Jake was so happy and smiled all day.

Signing up for Twitter
Matt didn't have a twitter account. He decided to sign up for one. He put all of his info in. Then, he confirmed his email address. Finally, he started using twitter.

The rainy day
The Perez family liked to go to the park. They decided to go on Saturday. Saturday it rained. The Perez family was sad that they had to stay home. They had a good day playing board games at home.

Late For Work
Anthony woke up at 7:15 in the morning. He quickly brushed his teeth and put on his work attire. He ran towards the door and realized a shoe was gone. Anthony searched frantically for twenty minutes. He finally found his shoe and was late for work as a result.

Light
Chris had been agoraphobic for years. He had a special worker from the state come and bring him things. They became friends and she encouraged him to go outside again. When Chris tried it he was amazed at how bright it was outside. He promised his worker he would try it more.

Harlan's Hair
Harlan started chemo yesterday to get rid of her cancers. The chemo made all Harlan's hair fall out. We took her to a wig shop. Harlan bought a wig that looked like her old hair. Harlan now wears that wig every day.

The Bottom of the Lake
Lucinda loved to go swimming. She often swam in the lake by her house during the summer. One afternoon in the lake, she felt something squishy under her foot. She screamed when she touched the bottom again and found a huge snake. Lucinda decided to stick to swimming in her pool the rest of the year.

Hurt
Amar saw a ripe apple on a high branch. He decided to climb the tree to get to it. But halfway up, the branch broke and he fell! Amar struck the ground hard. He ruefully resolved to be more careful in the future!

New in Town
Diana was new in town and wanted to explore the city. She started downtown and made her way through the little shops. As she looked through the shops she saw things for her new apartment. After traveling through the city she wanted a drink. She ended her tour at the local coffee shop and read the newspaper.

Rocky Goes Fishing
Rocky woke up on Saturday determined to go fishing. He got dressed and packed up his rod and tackle box. As he drove to the lake, he saw big thunder clouds in the sky. Determined to eat fish that night, he went to the supermarket instead. Rocky came home with a fish and couldn't taste the difference.

All Day in Bed
Today my friend and I had plans to go shopping at the mall. We were going to meet early in the morning and take the bus together. Unfortunately, I woke up with a fever and my Mom said I couldn't go. I've been in bed all day. This is not the way I wanted to spend my day.

Gardening
Ester's husband passed away and she needed to get her mind off it. She flipped through magazines for a hobby idea. Finally, she selected gardening as her new hobby. She began planting many flowers in her garden. While she couldn't forget her husband she felt joy from her new hobby.

The Hypochondriac
Rita was really sick of her mother's hypochondriacal ways. Her mother was constantly seeing the doctor for vague complaints. One day, Rita refused to take her mom to the doctor for a mild cough. Days later, they found out her mother actually had pneumonia! She vowed to never interfere with her mother's health decisions again.

Miracles
A month ago, I thought we were going to have to put our dog down. She could no longer walk because of her severe arthritis. We took her to the vet, who put her on some medicine called Dasuquin. I'm amazed at the wonderful change in her! She is now running and playing like a puppy.

Birthday Cake
Grayson wanted to bake his brother a birthday cake. He made the cake and put it in the oven. He misread the time on the recipe and left it in too long. The cake caught on fire and was totally ruined. Grayson's poor brother was very sad.

Delta
Reese wanted to be a flight attendant. She applied to Delta. They accepted her application but she had to get trained. The training process was rigorous but Reese gave it her all. After eight weeks she was flying high like she desired.

Oil Change
Larry needed the oil changed in his car. He figured he would do it himself. He was going to go to the store to buy oil. It was really cold out and he didn't have a garage. He drove to Wal-Mart to have them change the oil for him instead.

Test Time
Jen has a big test tomorrow. But she falls asleep studying for the test. When she wakes up it's time to go to school. She know she is not prepared so she fakes illness. She studies all day and aces the makeup test.

Movie Theater
I used to like to go to the movie theater a lot. I went yesterday and I found out that I can't stand it anymore. The prices are too high and the theater is too crowded. All I kept hearing the whole time was people chewing popcorn. I think I'll just be watching movies at home going forward.

Burned field
Ben and his friend were playing in a field with a lighter. They began to light small bushes on fire and then put out the flames. While playing with one fire, it grew out of control and spread fast. Ben and his friend tried to put out the fire but failed. They ran away and told Ben's parents, who called the fire department.

Back to School
Terry decided he wanted to go back to college. He was determined to finish his accounting degree. After 4 years of night school, he finally completed his degree. Terry received his degree in front of his friends and family. Terry soon took an accounting job shortly after graduation.

Wendy's Day Off
Wendy had an unexpected day off of work. The weather was supposed to be windy and rainy. So Wendy decided to stay home and watch movies all day. Unfortunately the wind knocked out the cable. So she wound up reading instead.

Moving Out
Sam and Eric wanted to move out of their parent's houses. They decided to try to apply for a mortgage. They could not get a decent rate but accepted one anyway. Sam and Eric ended up moving into a condo. They are having trouble making payments.

Learning to Ski
Jason is on a winter vacation at a ski resort. Unfortunately, Jason does not know how to ski. Jason decides to take skiing lessons. Jason finds a good instructor who is very helpful. Jason spends the rest of his vacation skiing.

Mary Fails Her Exam
Mary was studying really hard for her exam. She needed to do well on it in order to pass her class. She had trouble concentrating. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't understand the information. Mary had to take the class again next semester after failing the test.

Country Music
For the first time ever I went to a country music concert. My sister loves country music and she had nobody to go with. I told her that I would go if she bought my ticket. To my surprise I actually had a good time! The music was better than I fought it would be for sure.

Ice Skating
Tammy convinced her boyfriend to go ice skating with her. He fell as soon as he touched the ice. No matter what he tried he kept falling over. Eventually he sat and ate while she skated. Tammy still appreciated the effort and loved him for it.

Spicy
Neil had just arrived in Sicily. The ferry ride over had made him hungry! He stepped into a restaurant and ordered pasta. It was delicious, but it was unlike the sauce elsewhere in Italy. The sauce in Sicily was very spicy!

Procrastinating
My 1000 page report was due before midnight. After eating dinner, I began to work on it. After typing up 200-300 words, I started to fall asleep. When I woke up, my friend texted me. My class recently started and he asked why I wasn't there.

Little Gerald in the street
Little Gerald liked to run and play in the street. Little Gerald never paid attention to traffic and safety. One day while playing, he saw a dog run in front of him into traffic. The dog was struck by a car and was killed. Nowadays, Gerald pays attention to safety in the street.

Disney fun
Maggie and her parents decided to go to Disney world. Maggie had never been before. She was excited to meet all the characters and have fun. Once she got there, her favorite part was the parade. Maggie did not want to leave.

Christmas Presents
Sally needed to Christmas shopping. She only had $50 to buy presents. Sally decided to go to the Dollar Tree. She bought everyone gifts. She was able to get very creative and stick to her budget.

Early Bird
I woke up one morning at 5am. I began my usual routine of getting ready for work. I took a shower and put my make up. I then got dressed and was about to leave for work. Then I looked at the time and realized it was Saturday.

Pez Dispenser
I collect pez dispensers. My prized piece is a Santa from a few decades ago. I'm always on the lookout for rare and interesting ones. My friend bought me a Pez Dispenser that looked like a pumpkin. I thanked him, and didn't tell him that I already had that one.

Meeting a sister.
Jessica hadn't seen her little sister in years. Her mom had kept them separated after a huge fight. Jessica was able to convince her aunt to arrange a secret meeting. They were able to talk and catch up. Unfortunately, Jessica's mom found out and was furious.

The Zoo
Tyler went to the zoo with his dad. He laughed when he saw all the animals doing silly things. His dad helped him take pictures of animals on the phone. He liked the pictures and was very pleased. His dad bought him an ice cream, and they went home.

Payroll
Josh has to send employees home early to save payroll. His company is not making money so he has to cut hours. He offers his employees to go home an hour early. All in all he saves twenty hours of payroll for his business. That was enough to ensure his company stays profitable.

Cookies
I decided to give some cookies to my neighbor. I baked some chocolate chip cookies. I gave them to my neighbor. A few days later, I saw them in his trashcan. I got angry and vowed to never bake cookies for him ever again.

Christmas
It was Christmas with the family again. Mark brought the ham, and Jim brought the salad. All the food was set on the table ready to be eaten. The kids ate as fast as they could to get to  the presents. After dinner, the family started the presents, everyone was happy.

The first tattoo.
Marilyn was going to get her first tattoo. She was looking through a book to choose what kind. She was debating between a flower or a bird. Finally she decided to flip a coin. She ended up going with a flower.

Dwayne Makes a Movie
Dwayne is chosen to be lead actor in a movie. Dwayne arrives on set. Dwayne films the movie for 3 months. Dwayne helps edit the movie. Dwayne goes home having finished the movie.

Pudding
Ally made a pot of pudding. She ate a small bowl, then set the pot aside. When she came back, the pot was empty. She realized the cat had gotten into the pot. She remembered to cover the pot the next time she made pudding.

Jump
Janna was wandering in the store with her parents. She liked to play in the clothes. She would hide and jump out and scare her parents. Until one time she jumped out and couldn't find them. Janna was scared until her parents jumped out and scared her!

Jordan's new shoes
Jordan needs new running shoes. The pair he has he's ran 500 miles in. A worker helps him get a great pair. Jordan wins a marathon. He thanks the worker next time he goes in.

Giving Up
Amy was invited to go to a Movie with a group of kids. She was invited by her crush Ray. She thought Ray liked her and wanted her there. When she arrived he was there with another girl. Amy finally realized her and Ray were not meant to be.

Driving mad
John was minding his own business driving to work this morning. Richard had a bad day yesterday he could hardly get out of bed. The only thing that moved him out the door was an anger burning in him. Richard got behind the wheel and floored the gas gripping the wheel. As the car moved back, crashing in John a angry grin took hold of him.

Bad Apples
Bob made plans to go to the apple orchard to pick apples. The local farm near his house allowed you to pick your own apples. Bob got up early the next morning and drove out the the farm. He made the mistake of wearing his brand new white tennis shoes. He accidentally stepped on a bad apple which ruined his new shoes.

Dog Groomer
Robert's dog didn't like being groomed. Robert decided that he should take his dog to a professional. The groomer took his dog and Robert was surprised. His dog was so calm and enjoyed the grooming process. Robert decided to take his dog to the groomer every week.

No More Delivery
Renee loves Chinese food and orders from the same place every week. The place she orders from all of a sudden stopped delivering food. They told her they got a new owner who put an end to delivery. Renee ponder if she should switch to a different Chinese place. She decided she loved the food too much and now picks it up.

Summer Work.
Emerson was about to go on summer vacation from college. Emerson realized that he needed a job to get spending money. Emerson asked his advisor if there were work opportunities. He was given a list of summer jobs in his field. That summer Emerson earned money and gained relevant experience.

Dylan's candy bar
Jordan was happy to go to Dylan's candy bar for the very first time. The entire store was filled with the most amazing goodies. Jordan immediately went over to the chocolate fountain to try it. The taste was impeccable. By the end of the day Jordan spent a hundred dollars.

Skateboarder
Jill likes to go skateboarding. Sometimes she has trouble balancing when she goes too fast. One day, Jill fell off the skateboard and scraped her knee. She started crying because it was bleeding. When someone gave her a band-aid, Jill felt better.

Tommy's Surprise Puppy
Tommy was angrily staring at the clock. His mom was supposed to get him out of school so he could get a puppy. She didn't show up. After School she was parked outside waiting. When he stomped to the car to yell he saw a dog on the front seat.

Easter fun
Kelly and her family had an Easter egg hunt. They put chocolate eggs everywhere. The kids took forever to find them. The kids got frustrated. Finally Kelly helped them find them.

The Lost Suitcase
Last week Katie went on a cruise to the Caribbean. She had lots of fun and bought souvenirs in every port. Every time she bought a souvenir she put it in her suitcase. At the end of the cruise she went to the airport and checked her bag. When she landed her suitcase was missing and still hasn't been found.

Getting Ready For Bed
Gina's mom hadn't picked her up from her grandma's And she was really ready to leave. At 10 PM her grandma was ready to go to bed. Gina wanted to sit up and wait for her mother. But her grandmother insisted she get ready, and go to sleep.

Chinese food dinner.
Haley and James were on a walk. They noticed a Chinese restaurant. They decided to get some food. They ordered two big plates. They ate it all in an hour.

No Lollipop for Cindy
Cindy wanted to go to the store and buy a lollipop. Cindy had no money to buy it. Cindy took money from her dad's change jar to buy the lollipop. Her dad found out Cindy took the money. Cindy's dad made Cindy return the lollipop to the store.

Farmer's Market
Ron wanted to get some fresh produce. He was tired of just peppers and tomatoes at the grocery store. As he was driving along, he saw a farmer's market. He went in and bought some vegetables he had never had before. Spaghetti squash turned out to be the best discovery he had ever had!

Birthday Wish
Today is Jack's 18th birthday. His grandparents usually throw him a big party each year. This year his grandparents told him they would not be able to have it. Heartbroken Jack wished for them as he blew out his candles. When the last candle blew out his grandparents miraculously walked in.

Mission Trip
Last summer, Greg signed up to take a mission trip to South America. He was excited to spend two weeks with his friends and do good too. When he arrived, he noticed the difference in ways of living from home. The group spent two weeks repairing houses for the poor people. On the last day, Greg and everyone in the group was sad to leave.

Cheater
Jessica had a feeling her boyfriend was cheating. She decided to follow him one day. Jessica was careful to keep her distance as she followed him. She then saw him kissing a girl in a restaurant. Jessica was devastated to find out what she knew all along.

Lunch
Timmy was getting hungry, his mom had given him $5 for lunch. But every place he went the food was seven or eight dollars. He was getting upset, but just then he passed by a new place. The sign said there was a $5 burrito lunch special. Timmy was very excited and he ran inside to eat lunch, smiling.

Dog Show
Dirk decided to enter his dog Monster into a dog show. Monster had always been a rowdy dog, and not well behaved. But Dirk was determined to train his dog until they could win. They worked every single day trying to train obedience into him. In the end, Monster won the dog show in a landslide vote.

The vending machine gyp.
Max was trying to buy a soda. He put his money in and pressed the buttons. Somehow his drink got caught and he wasn't able to get it. His money wasn't refunded either. He had to really bug someone in charge to get them to fix that.

Big Moose
Bill goes to visit his grandparents. Bill and his grandmother decide to go for a walk. When they come around the corner there is a giant moose in the road. He stares at them for what seems like forever and then walks away. Frightened, the two turn around and go home.

Car sick
Lisa was not feeling too good. The car was getting hot. She was afraid she would throw up. Lisa tried so hard not to get sick. It was no use because she ended up throwing up.

The American Dream
Sanjay was a poor man in India. He decided to move to America for better opportunities. He worked hard for a plane ticket. He moved to America. He opened up a business in Boston and achieved the American Dream.

The Shell
Shelley found a beautiful rainbow shell on the beach. She decided she would take it home to show to her family. She walked into the house to hear an argument in the living room. She snuck by and showed it to her sister, and best friend. Her sister dropped the shell and likewise, Shelley was shattered.

Life is No Beach
We decided to go to the beach for the weekend. The drive took 4 hours instead of 2 because of construction. The hotel room had cockroaches and bedbugs. To top it all off it rained all weekend. Next year we're going to the mountains instead.

Humid
I threw out my Crane humidifier today. The fan in it was broke. I'd tried replacing it but it's impossible to get the part. I figured I'd get around to finding it some day. Tonight I figured that some day would never come.

Robert Goes to the Doctor
Robert woke up feeling very sick. He decided to go to the doctor to see what was wrong with him. He had to call the doctor first to get an appointment. Luckily the doctor could see him later that day. The doctor told Robert he had a cold and that he should rest.

Summer Days
Jenny went to the beach on a hot summer day. She laid out her towel on the white sand and put on sunscreen. The ocean breeze and smell of salt made her feel calm. She pulled out a book she never got a chance to finish. She enjoyed the rest of her day relaxing and reading.

Sara Goes Shopping
Sarah loved to go shopping. She was at her local mall. Sarah was shopping for new shoes. She found a pair that she liked for $300. She bought the shoes with her father's credit card.

Swim
Since almost drowning in the ocean, Nancy was no longer able to swim. She once was an excellent swimmer and wanted to be that again. Her brother convinced her to take swimming lessons. It was scary for Nancy to try to swim again. With lessons, she soon was able to enjoy  swimming again.

Off Day
The coach recorded the attendance for the class. Afterwards, he did a couple of exercises with them. We had to run across the baseball field several times. Although I had a huge headache, I tried to continue running. Eventually, I collapsed on the ground and fainted for a few minutes.

Blaming Others
Nancy came to class late. Therefore, her teacher told her to stay out of the class. Since Nancy was bad, she yelled at her mom for not waking her up. However, her mom reminded her that she has an alarm clock. She didn't say anything and hung up the phone.

School Play
Marie decided to be in a school play. She auditioned and got the lead female rode. She practiced hard and learned all her lines. Marie was nervous the night of play but did very well. Marie was proud at the end when she got a standing ovation.

First Place
Jasmine loves to take photos of nature. She decided to enter a photo competition. Jasmine was intimidated at first. She spent hours outside waiting to take the perfect photo. Her submission received first place in the nature category.

Passing The Final
Greg had to score ninety percent or higher on his history final exam. If he didn't, he wouldn't pass history or graduate high school. Greg said a prayer, sat down at his desk and studied all weekend. His fear of failing was his fuel for studying. Greg passed his history exam with a score of ninety-eight percent.

Getting Arrested At The Park
Marcus had to pick up his daughter from school, not go to jail. But he was arrested for public intoxication. He went to the park and drank with his friends. The police suddenly showed up. Marcus was caught with a beer in his hand.

Giant Amongst Men
Chris approached the man threatening Caleb. The man seemed to tremble as Chris told him to leave them alone. Realizing that Chris was significantly larger, he retreated. Caleb thanked his friend, impressed by his actions more so than size. Chris told him not to mention it and the two went off.

A Mother's Broken Dream
Daniel's mother was determined to see him marry well. She set up a blind date for him with the governor's daughter. Daniel went out dancing with friends instead of on the date. While out dancing he met Darlene who was a poor man's daughter. Eventually they married, causing his mother many years of sorrow.

Rest
Renee was always stressed. She needed to get her life together. She started making lists and better choices. She decided to get more rest. She was feeling better in no time.

Tired
My wife and I were in bed. We noticed that the hallway light was still on. Neither of us wanted to get up. It was too cold. Eventually she gave in and got up.

Hester Takes the Lead
Hester has always wanted to perform in her community theater. She is afraid to audition because she may not get a part. Finally she decides to audition for a play. Hester is given the lead role! She is very happy that she decided to audition.

Sliding Rock Falls
Me and my family decided to go to Sliding Rock Falls. It was a natural waterfall going down rocks slick enough to ride down. I wore shorts so my bottom wouldn't be roughed up by the rocks. I slid down the rocks and had to push myself to keep going. The water was cold so I didn't go again but it was a fun experience.

Tired in the line.
Sara was at Disneyland with her family. It was late and they were going to go on just a few more rides. They were in a very long line for one ride. Sara started to feel so tired, she was falling asleep standing up. Finally, they made it to the ride and Sara woke up.

Best Feature
Sue's husband always talked about a gorgeous celebrity. Sue went to a salon with the star's picture. She asked the stylist to give her the same cut and color. Sue surprised her husband at the door when he came home. He took one look and said she had ruined her best feature.

Grandma Visit
Rick and Nick were going to visit their grandma out of state. They had never met their grandma before. Rick and Nick were shy so they stayed near their daddy. When grandma spoke to them they hid their face instead of answering. Before long they were sitting and laughing with their grandma.

Band Camp
Lanie was nervous. Today is the day mother is driving her to band camp. The drive is long but Lanie takes her dog Fluffy with her for company. Although Fluffy can't stay at camp, there are a lot of children there. Lanie makes friends at band camp and makes plans to return next summer

Exchange Students
London was looking for a new job. She was approached by a woman at church for a job position. The job included helping foreign exchange students get settled. London took the job and enjoyed it. She's friends with the students she helped from around the world.

The End of a Friendship
Warren and Charles were in their 40's but were friends since kids. One day Charles saw a comment on facebook written by Warren. Warren wrote Charles' home, back then, was a place of foolishness. Charles was offended but Warren said he shouldn't be. Charles ended their friendship and Warren didn't care.

Staying Healthy
Sue had a routine physical at her doctor's office. Her doctor suggested that she get a blood test to know she is healthy. Sue thought this was a good idea and agreed with her doctor. Sue went to the Blood Bank and gave blood the next week. The results came back and she is very healthy.

Back Up Plan
John and Nicky travel in a huge motor coach. This last summer they took a trip back east to New York. While they were there the coach broke down. They got stuck for three weeks waiting on special parts to come in. Now they pull a car behind the coach in case that ever happens again.

Something's Fishy
My father took me fishing as a child. I was reluctant, and figured I'd catch nothing. After two hours of being out there, I felt a jerk. My dad immediately took over my rod, and pulled hard. He pulled out a five pound fish for me, and I was so proud!

Caught in the rain.
Jane was out for a walk. She heard some rumbling in the clouds and it began to rain. She tried to hurry and run the rest of the way. It was too late, by the time she got home she was already soaked. She took a hot shower and dried her clothes.

A hair on the toe.
Maxine's baby was crying. She couldn't get him to calm down. She was checking everything to see if he was okay. Suddenly, she noticed a hair tightly around his toe. She removed it and the baby immediately became calmer.

Valentine's Day
Andrew decided to propose to Liz. He wanted to take her to dinner on Valentine's day. He made reservations at their favorite restaurant. When they arrived he proposed to Liz. She happily said yes and the restaurant cheered.

Tinker bell
My niece was scared of most characters at Disney. She would hide behind her mom. But she got braver near the end of the trip. We met tinker bell and gave her a hug. She said she was her favorite.

Hot and Cold
It was a hot summer day for Alex. He was tired of feeling hot. So he decided to go take a dip in the lake. He went over and jumped in. Now Alex was cold.

Fireworks
Amber and her family loved the 4th of July. They were really excited to go see the fireworks. All day they prepared. They packed a picnic dinner and went to the park. When the fireworks started they loved them.

Music
My washing machine broke. I had to purchase a new one. I put my first load of clothes in to be cleaned. That is when I found out that the machine plays music when it is done. Now washing the laundry is more pleasant.

The canoe
Jeff and his grandpa always went down the river in the canoe. They made several trips every year and it was a great time. Jeff's grandpa pass away and left jeff the canoe to use. Jeff left the canoe in storage for several Years after. Then one day he pulled it out and took his son on it.

Fast Cars
I had a slow car. But, I wanted to take part in the local racing club. So, I decided to upgrade my car. After thousands of dollars in expenses, my car became quite fast! My car was able to beat many other racers at the local club.

Joel
Joel wanted to go to the school dance. But he couldn't get a girl to go with him. Sadly Joel decided he couldn't go. But then he had another idea. He took his little sister and they had a great time together!

Compromising State
Nathan was driving with Kane. She had several stomach aches. Eventually she said that she was about to deliver the baby. Nathan accelerated on the road. He came to the hospital and Kane was taken in by a stretcher.

New Sister
Young Myron was used to being the center of his parents' lives. When his mother was pregnant, his parents tried to get him excited. But Myron was jealous, and was reluctant to see his new sister. When he saw her, he was shocked to feel tenderness towards the baby. Myron realized there were good parts to being a big brother too.

Leather Belt
A man went to a katare school to take lessons. The sensei asked him what sort of belt he was. The man did not understand and told him he was a leather belt. The man took off his belt and tried to use it to attack the sensei. The sensei blocked the attack and punched the foolish man.

Better Listen Up
Katie refused to mind her mother and brush her teeth. Her mother warned that she would get cavities. She continued to ignore her mother. Finally, she complained to her mother that her teeth hurt. Katie had to go to the dentist and have many cavities filled.

Mean Prank
Tony decided to play a prank on his teacher. He put a thumbtack on her chair. She sat down then jumped right back up again with a big yell. Tony didn't realize it would hurt so much. He did not admit to being the one who did it.

First Date
Jim and Linda were going to go on their first date. They were both really nervous. While at the movies, Jim tripped and spilled his soda. Linda caught him and helped him clean up. They arranged to go out the following weekend.

Class
I work at a transit authority. One day we had to take a class on procedures. The speaker was very boring and I almost fell asleep. After the class we all got certificates. I did not hang my certificate up, as the class was terrible.

Inflatable raft
Eva and her friends wished they had an inflatable raft to take out. They lived near a wide creek and the raft would be such fun! But none of them could afford it, until Eva had an idea. She had everyone chip in money and they bought the raft together. Now Eva and her friends had a raft to take out on the creek any time!

Mommy
A nurse at a hospital was working get shift in the labor unit. A mother had abandoned her baby upon birth. The nurse couldn't have children and decided to take the baby home. Her husband was shocked, but nonetheless grateful. The whole family welcomed the baby with open arms.

Robert Enrolls in Classes
Robert has been worried about enrolling in classes for next semester. He feels like he is wasting his time and money at college. Finally a friend convinces him to stay for just one more semester. Robert agrees and begrudgingly enrolls for classes. Now that he is enrolled, he feels slightly less worried.

Tony's Ticket
Tony wanted to go to his favorite band's concert. Tony didn't have enough money. He decided to walk around outside of the venue. Out of the corner of his eye he spotted a ticket on the ground! He picked it up and got into the show!

Graduate School
Holly had always wanted to pursue a Master's in Public Health. She worked hard academically to maintain a good grade point average. She also interned with the local Health Department to gain experience. During her senior year she able to apply to graduate schools. Her internships and grades earned her a spot in graduate school!

Grace is running for President
Grace has always been a strong believer in doing what is right. In her class she is trusted by all her classmates. Her teacher has nominated her to run for Class President Grace decides to talk to her parents regarding her decision. The next day Grace tells her teacher she will run for president.

A tooth extraction.
Jasmine wanted to get braces. She still had some baby teeth left, though. Her dentist decided to pull the teeth to speed things up. Jasmine was really scared. Luckily, the tooth pulling wasn't too bad.

Candy crush
Alan loved to play Candy crush. Every time he had a new set of lives he would play. He would play until he lost and then consider spending money. He lost track of how much money he may have blown on it. But it was what he liked to do for fun, so he was going to continue.

Christmas Shopping
Hannah really wanted to pay for all her Christmas gifts with cash. In previous years, she had put a lot of the gifts on her credit card. She was trying to get out of debt and has stopped using credit cards. Hannah opened a special savings account to save for Christmas. She successfully paid for all her gifts with cash and no more debt.

A sleepy movie
One night, I woke up and couldn't get back to sleep. I tried to sleep for thirty minutes before I got up. I sat down on my couch and turned on the tv. I found a horror movie and watched it for a while. Finally, I fell asleep on the couch.

The weekend
I had so much homework this weekend. I planned to get it all done on Saturday. Saturday came and went and I lazed around. Now it's Sunday evening and I'm panicking. I need to stop doing this to myself.

Book Fair
Jeannie's sister always got $10 to spend at the school book fair. Now Jeannie was in school too and couldn't wait to go to the fair. She had her $10 like her sister. She carefully looked at the books for kindergartners. She had enough money to buy two of them.

Went to dinner
We noticed we were starting to get hungry. We decided to look online for a place to eat. It didn't take long to find a place. Once we decided, we went out to eat. The food was great!

Thrifty Shopper
Jan loved shopping at consignment stores. She shopped every day for clothes at bargain prices. One day, Jan's closet wouldn't hold another item. Jan loaded her car with armloads of clothes. The consignment store bought back the clothes for pennies.

Starving
Drew was studying all morning, therefore he forgot to eat anything. He walked to his class to take his test. During the test, his stomach was constantly growing. In addition, he fell asleep. Then the teacher woke him up, he asked him for his test.

Fear
Amy's mother was driving her to her new school. Amy was scared and nervous about going to junior high. When the arrived Amy didn't get out of the car. Her mother gave her a pep talk and opened her door. Amy stood on the sidewalk afraid to enter the school.

Big fish
Joe wanted to go on a fishing trip. He got in his car and drove to the sports store. The salesman figured he could sell Joe a lot of things. He was easily able to convince Joe to buy an excess of goods. Joe was so excited to fish he didn't care how much he spent.

The Lonely Horse
Katie had a horse named Sugar Plum. Sugar Plum ran away from Katie's property because she was lonely. Katie was so sad, but she didn't give up. She built a fence and got another horse. Sugar Plum seen the horse and came back.

Report Cards
Alfred was an average student at school. He did poorly in one of his classes. When he got his report card he tried to hide it from his parents. Eventually his parents found out anyways. Alfred was grounded for lying and doing poorly.

More Shade
Ben went to the beach on a sunny day. He put down his towel and took a nap. He woke up because he was uncomfortably hot. Ben used another towel and sticks to make a tent. Ben crawled into his tent and napped.

Puzzle Toy
Lexi has three playful dogs. The dogs usually get along very well. One day she brought home a puzzle toy filled with treats. The dogs started fighting over the toy. Lexi gave the puzzle toy to a friend with only one dog.

Island Fun
The Ford family needed to take a vacation. They disagreed on where to go. The adults want to relax, and the kids wanted a theme park. They went round and round about the final location. Finally, they picked a water park on a remote island destination.

At the beach
Judy and Nicole decided to spend a weekend at the beach. They put some clothes and food in their backpacks. They grabbed some money and departed. The spent the two days enjoying the sun and the sea. Judy and Nicole had a wonderful time.

Easter Basket
Yesterday my wife and I delivered an Easter basket. We gave it to a five year old neighbor down the hall. He loved the toys we put in the basket. His mother was very appreciative. We like this boy and were happy to make his day.

Juan Visits Vietnam
Juan has always wanted to visit Southeast Asia. He researches different countries and decides to visit Vietnam. Juan finds the food and architecture in Vietnam stunning. He comes back with many wonderful memories. Juan is very happy that he took such an amazing trip.

Tangy
Rob was eating candy all day. Mostly chocolate related items. But then he put a sour ball into his mouth. He wasn't troubled at first but then it happened. He didn't eat anymore candy that day.

The eclipse.
Gary knew that there was an eclipse that evening. He wanted to take his girlfriend on a date to see it. He planned a romantic picnic outside of the city. On their blanket, they had a great view of the sky. His girlfriend enjoyed the date and loved the eclipse.

Fear Of The Dark
Bruce was scared of the dark. Tonight was a very, very dark night. He asked his friend Jim to walk him home. Jim walked Bruce to the front door of his house. Bruce was so grateful he kissed Jim full on the lips!

Phoney
Over the summer, I got a new phone. I had to get it because my old phone broke. The new phone cost a bunch of money. However, I was barely able to afford it. I then decided to take good care of my new phone for a long time.

Disneyland
My family and I saved up for ages to take a trip together. We decided to go to Disneyland. When we arrived, it was just as wonderful as I had hoped. We rode many rides and saw many sights. It was a vacation I will remember forever.

The charm bracelet.
Maggie had been collecting charms for a bracelet. They needed to be put together with tools by her dad. She had been begging him to do it, but he kept putting it off. One morning she went downstairs for breakfast. Her charm bracelet was assembled on the table to surprise her.

Virginia
My friend used to live in Virginia. He decided to go back and visit one day. He planned out his trip carefully. When he got to Virginia, he had a great time. It was a good trip.

Fuel Perks
I always use my advantage card to shop. It's supposed to give me fuel perks for cheaper gas. The other day I got a lot off. I thought it was because of all my shopping. It turns out I accidentally used the person in front of me's card.

Hiccups
Bill had a bad case of the hiccups. He drank water and held his breath. But his hiccups didn't go away. His chest began to hurt from. And he had to go the doctor's office.

The given up toy.
Abbey had been asking her mom for a cool toy all year. When her birthday arrived, her mom said she had two choices. She could get the toy, or she could do something fun with her friends. She really wanted the toy but she decided to go with fun instead. Luckily, she was happy with her choice.

The borrowed shoes.
Jill was a young mom with a baby. A friend of hers lent her some old baby clothes from her grown son. She asked for Jill to please return the shoes later. Jill forgot to return the shoes. A year later, the friend reminded her and Jill tracked the shoes down.

The dark walk.
Sadie had just gotten off from work. It was a bit later than usual. She had to walk home in the dark that day. As she was walking, she heard someone behind her. Nervous, she ran the rest of the way.

One Step at a Time.
I set off to climb the mountain at 4:00am with everything I needed. The doctors said I wasn't strong enough at this stage of my illness. I ascended, one step at a time, resting when I felt ill. I almost turned around, but determination drove me onward. By sunset I'd conquered the mountain and proved everyone wrong.

Lost Faith
Nell's dad opened a new business in town. One day, he met and hired a young photographer. Many of Nell's friends went to get their picture taken. But the photographer left town with their order money. Nell's dad repaid the customers and lost some faith.

breakfast
Simon decided to make himself breakfast while his mom was sleeping. He had seen his mother make oatmeal in the microwave. He put the oats and water into a bowl and placed it in the microwave. He watched in horror as the oats splattered inside the microwave. It took his mom almost an hour to clean up the mess

Switch-up
Billy's art class made ceramic mugs for Mother's day. All the mugs were put in the kiln and fired. Billy saw his mug had collapsed in the kiln. The teacher told the students to come find their own mugs. Billy reached for a perfect-looking mug.

Skydeck
Yesterday I went on the sky deck. At first I was terrified. Then I got the guts to go on it. When I stepped foot on it I was shocked. It wasn't as scary as I thought.

Hoist on his own Petard
A house had a rat problem. So the owner put down traps before he went to bed one night. The next morning, he found the bait gone, but no rat caught. He was infuriated. This was mostly because he found the trap by stepping on it.

Mocked
Queenie was mocked for her thick glasses. She hated being made fun of! She decided to get contact lenses instead. Sure enough, once the glasses were gone, the teasing stopped. Queenie was very proud that she'd solved her problem.

Beanie Baby Prices
I used to collect Beanie Babies. I went out with my mom searching for rare ones. We even got a book that listed investment values for the Beanies. After a few years no one cared about them. Now they are still worth about the price we paid, or less.

Sunday Morning
Grandma woke Lucy up at 6 on Sunday morning. Lucy was groggy and confused. Lucy was to get bathed and put on the dress on her bed. Lucy didn't understand what was going on. She realized they were going to church when she saw grandpa's suit.

Better Grades
Haley's teacher announced there was going to be a big test. Haley needed a good grade to get an A in the class. She studied nightly to improve her chances. The teacher gave the test. Haley's hard work payed off and she was rewarded with an A plus.

TV Room
Gina's brother had moved out of the house. That meant his room was available. Gina was sure her parents would give her the room. She was shocked when they turned it into a TV room. Gina was so angry she didn't speak to them for a week.

Waterfall
I decided to go to Maui for a vacation. My friend said I should check out the waterfalls in Maui. So, I decided to visit the tallest waterfall. It was nothing spectacular and I didn't have fun. That was the last time I took advice from my friend.

Those Who Really Matter
I caught a big fever. My parents took me to the hospital. After a few hours, my friend came to visit me. She told me that she sacrificed her studying time to see me. I thanked her for her support.

September
Aunt Maude shouted at us that September wouldn't work. Ever since the war, she'd avoided the month as best as she could. She'd do her best to ignore it, until October could roll around. We acquiesced to her wishes. We planned our wedding for the first of October.

Out of pens
I was working on a presentation in my office for work. I needed to give a speech and decided to write post it notes. After finding index cards, I couldn't find any pens. I asked my friend if I could borrow one of his pens. He said yes, I finished writing my notes, and then returned the pen.

Aaron Makes a Friend
Aaron has lived in Pittsburgh for two months but hasn't met friends. He feels embarrassed to go places alone. One day Aaron decides to have a drink at his local pub. Aaron meets Jason at the pub. Jason becomes Aaron's first friend in Pittsburg.

Fraud
Joe was arrested for fraud. He was photographed and his mugshot was blasted on the news. He was then put into a jail cell. Joe plead guilty. He was sentenced to four years.

Games
Ed was playing hide and seek with his mom. He had hidden so well that his mom couldn't find him! Waiting for her, Ed drifted off to sleep. When he woke up, he was in his bed. His mom had finally found him and put him to bed!

Cow Kisses
Laura went to visit her aunt April on the farm. Aunt April showed her around the cow pastures. She told Laura to offer her hand to one of the young cows. The cow started lightly smacking its lips on her hand. Aunt April told her this was how cows kissed people!

Sleep
Bob had a long day at work. He couldn't wait to get home. He was stuck in rush hour. He was falling asleep. He crashed his car and never made it home.

Chick fil a
When we were on vacation we kept getting Chick Fil A. We don't have any located by us. We would go there and get new items. We loves how fresh everything was. We will definitely visit again

The Bed Time
Karl wanted to go to bed early. he figured he would watch a bit of tv. He kept watching more. Before he knew it the time got late. He decided to go ahead and stay up longer anyway.

The Officer
Kay was driving and the light turned yellow. She decided to speed up to get through before it turned red. Before she entered the intersection the light turned red. As she looked in the rear view she saw a police car. To her surprise the cop did not pull her over for running the light.

Two Devons.
Devon was at summer camp. The kids were playing a get to know you game. Devon was partnered up with someone for an activity. The boy introduced himself as Devon. The two instantly bonded over their shared name.

attack
Rio's chest hurt badly. She went to the emergency room to get looked at. There, they told Rio she had had a minor heart attack! They kept her overnight to keep an eye on her. In the morning, they discharged Rio, pronouncing her healthy.

Birthday
Sam wanted to throw her mom a birthday party. Sam decided to keep it secret and set to planning. She called her mom on the day and asked to take her to dinner. She secretly drove her mom to the party. She felt happy when she saw her mom's face at the party.

New cat
Becky always wanted a new kitten. She had never had a pet before. She begged her parents to let her get one. Finally they said yes. Becky jumped for joy.

Beach Day
Amber and Elizabeth were best friends. One day, the two girls decided they wanted to go to the beach. They packed up their towels and put on their swimsuits. After a quick drive, they were at the ocean. The girls had a lovely time playing in the waves.

Falling Leaves
Bob gazed upon his pristine lawn with satisfaction. He had worked hard all summer to get it looking this fine. As he watched, several leaves dropped onto his lawn. The wind blew and many more leaves fell to the ground. Bob sighed as he went to get the rake from the garage.

Wedding Photos
A couple wanted their wedding photos to be shot in an exciting way. They both agreed that the pictures should be taken at the beach After hiring a photographer, the couple found a place among the rocks. The two posed, and it wasn't long before the waves soaked them! They enjoyed the mess, as they knew their pictures were unique.

Up We Go
Paul didn't want to attend gym today. He knew they were to climb ropes, something he couldn't do. In class, he positioned himself at the end of the line. Paul was happy to see many other boys fail. To his surprise, Paul climbed up the rope without a problem!

Win that championship jacket
Coach signals the thumbs up sign and yells Music's on. We wait breathlessly for the first beat to thump over the loud system. It's on, start screaming counts to each other over the blaring music. Eight count by eight count, keep going, don't rush an eight count. Everyone hit every count, coach is yelling we should win the jacket.

Popcorn Night
Debbie wanted to show her kids how to make popcorn on the stove. She gathered them around to watch. She put oil and a cup of popcorn kernels in the kettle on the burner. The kids got excited as the popcorn overflowed the kettle. Debbie laughed and pretended she did it on purpose.

Tacos
Everyone at work loves Taco Tuesday. They cannot get enough tacos. Their love of tacos makes them more productive. This makes for a great atmosphere at work. Productivity has gone up.

Motorcycle
Frank loved his motorcycle. Frank would ride his motorcycle everywhere. Frank learned that there was a new road south of him. Frank went to ride the new road. Frank loved the new road.

Sam The DJ
Sam loved to go to dance parties. He aspired to become a DJ one day. He bought himself a mixer and practiced everyday after school. He created remixes of all of his favorite songs. He eventually got really good and played at local venues.

My Happy Day
We decided to put up our Christmas tree today. First we had to find all the pieces. Then we gathered all the lights and balls. We worked all day on the tree. When it was done we were so happy.

Gulf War
My friend left to go fight in the gulf war. I was scared that he would die. He didn't write to me so I became more scared with each day. Luckily, he came back alive! Alas, he had developed severe PTSD.

Under The Bed
Gina put her new brand named shoes under her bed. She couldn't wait for the first day of school so she could wear them. She pulled the box out to look at the them 3 times a day. Finally it was the first day of school. It was raining and Gina got mud on her pretty new shoes.

Whipflash
I tried to set up the drums in my band class. The teacher began to conduct the class. However, a trombone, that was behind me, fell on my back. I felt lightheaded after the hit. My friend came to me to see if I was okay.

Woods Girl
I've always been reluctant to visit the woods. One day, my friend suggested I face my fears and go to the woods. When we got there, I immediately looked for lions and tigers. To my chagrin, it was quiet, peaceful and zen-like. I had never been more at peace or as balanced than at that moment.

Dave goes fishing
Dave loved going fishing with his dad. Unfortunately, his dad had been very busy the past few weeks. Today though, his father came in his room and told Dave to get ready. Dave's father had the day off from work! Dave and his father went fishing, and Dave caught a huge fish.

Scary Movie Date
Alex is terrified of scary movies. Bob asked her to go on a date tonight to a scary movie. Alex really likes Bob, so she agrees to go. At the scary movie, Alex got scared and held Bob's hand. Bob smiled, and for a split second, Alex wasn't afraid of the movie.

Cleaning the baby's room.
Helene's toddler had messed up his bedroom. Helene went in and cleaned up the toys. Then, she put away all of the clothes. Next, she put the blankets in the crib. Finally, she tidied up the dresser.

Jenny Rides the Train
Jenny knows her grandmother is becoming very sick. She decides that a visit may make her grandmother feel better. Jenny boards the train for a long trip to her grandmother's house. When Jenny arrives, her grandmother is very happy to see her. Jenny is very happy she visited her sick grandmother.

The ripped dress.
Monica was about to walk down the aisle at her wedding. She took a step but her dress was caught. Everyone heard the dress rip. Monica began to panic. Luckily, her mom had a sewing kit and fixed it quickly.

Stanley
Stanley wondered if he would ever get out of prison. He was denied his parole for three straight Year's. On his fourth year he failed his parole as well. Stanley became so angry he got into a bad fight. Stanley will now spend the rest of his life in prison.

Going to the Grocery Store
Mary was hungry and realized it would soon be dinnertime. She went to the pantry, but she was shocked to see no food! Mary decided it would be best to go to the grocery store. Mary bought noodles, alfredo sauce, and chicken. Mary made chicken alfredo for her family before they got home.

Park
Amy hated her English class. She convinced Beth to skip the class and go to the park. The girls sat on the swings staring at the school across the street. A truancy office confronted the girls about not being in class. The girls were escorted back to the school by the officer.

Cat on the Run
Jenny's teacher said the class could bring their pets to school. Jenny wanted to show off her cat Fuzzy. Jenny's mom drove her and Fuzzy to school. When the car door opened, Fuzzy fled. By the time they tracked the cat down, school was over.

The Duel
Steve had signed up for a duel. However, he had only been taking fencing lessons for a week. He realized he needed to get more serious about training. He began putting more time into practice. He was happy when he beat his opponent.

The Small Town
Gina was awake again. The long ride to Illinois caused her legs to cramp. She sat in the back seat miserable. They drove into a small town Gina recognized. Gina was excited since she knew they were almost there.

Bus Stop
It was the first day of school. Billy walked to his bus stop to wait for his bus. There were no kids there when he got there. He saw the bus turn the corner down the street and drive away. Billy realized he had gone to the wrong bus stop.

Bryson's problem
Bryson likes to turn off my computer monitor. I put a fake mouse by the power button. He came by to turn off my monitor. I picked up and threw the fake mouse at him. Bryson isn't talking to me right now.

Boxed In
Sheena had always wanted to be a boxer. She trained daily, for many years. Finally, the day came when she could get in the ring. She held her own for many rounds, eliciting much applause. Paralyzed now from the waist down, she regrets the wasted time.

Everyone but me
Tim was sad that everyone went to the party. His mother said he couldn't go. He had to go to the doctor that day. Tim had an idea. Tim invited his doctor to the party so that he could go.

The Big Win
The girls soccer team had been working hard all year. They were determined to go undefeated. At state they were facing their rivals. In the last shootout, they were tied. They ended up winning and became the state champs.

The Lake
I decided to go fishing at the local lake. I was there almost two hours before my first bite. After my first bite I starting to reel them in left and right. I guess that timing matters for fishing. I decided to come fishing at a later time next trip.

Camping
The Roger family wanted to go camping. They bought new tents, sleeping bags, and cots. The Roger family drove to the mountains. They spent the first day setting up their camp. The Roger family spent the next 3 days camping in the woods.

Shakeology
They got some new shakeology to try with their diet. The flavor was chocolate and they were to mix it with water. They put in some ice and through it in the blender. They thought it had a bit of a funky taste. Even though it was good for them, they couldn't get past the taste.

Rick's Rocket
Rick had to make a rocket for a science project. Rick studied rocket designs for hours to prepare. The big day came and Rick put all of his knowledge to use. They started testing rockets and Rick's was up next! Rick's launched up higher and faster than the entire class!

California bound
Amy and Jack wanted to visit California. They saved for their trip for a whole year. The time finally arrived for their trip. At the airport the discovered their flight was cancelled. Although they were a day late the still enjoyed their vacation.

Bright skies
Late at night a man looked up at the sky. He decided he was going to count the stars. As he set up his telescope, he quickly realized there were too many! But he managed to meet another girl who enjoyed astronomy. And those two stayed out, holding hands, still trying to count stars.

second wedding dress
Jen decided to get remarried after a 30 year break. She wondered how she could use her original dress. She took it to the dressmaker who gave detailed instructions. Jen took the dress back home and thought about the advice. She ignored the advice, put the dress in the washer and it was fine.

The Motel
Al walked out of his motel room and walked to the vending area. He hated this place but had nowhere else to go. He arrived at the machine and put two dollars into the slot. The machine took his money but gave him nothing in return. Now he really hated this place!

off the beach
Jen was excited to go the the beach, but she just had knee surgery. If she sat on the sand, she knew she could not get up. It would be embarrassing to get up on her own. Jen sat on the beach anyway. She dug a deep hole for her feet, used it like a step, and was fine.

Swimming for Eggs
When the tide comes in it is impossible for me to drive to the store. My house is not far away, but water covers the road at high tide. Yesterday I needed eggs urgently for a recipe I was making. My son offered to swim to the store for eggs. He swam to the store and walked home.

Teacher
Jon decided to travel to Indonesia. He wanted to teach English to kids. He found a job in Jakarta teaching English. Jon spent four years teaching English in Jakarta. He had taught thousands of kids to speak basic English.

The Candidate
Ronald was running for president. He really wanted to win. He knew he could do this by taking a new approach to politics. Some people loved this about him. However, his unorthodox ways also stirred up lots of controversy.

The Fall
Jamie liked to run around the house and up and down the stairs. Jamie's mom told her to stop running. Jamie refused to listen to her mom and continued to run. As Jamie ran down the stairs, she tripped and fell. Jamie broke her arm and never disobeyed her mother again.

Making ornaments.
Ginny had an ornament craft to do with her kids. She got all of the materials. She put them on a table in front of her kids. Then she led them through the craft. When they were done, they had cute ornaments.

Black or white?
Hope decided to get a puppy. She searched online for the cutest dogs she could find. After picking a breeder, she paid a deposit and waited. A few weeks later, she met the puppy at the airport. So her surprise, the black dog she chosen had arrived pure white!

Ant
Ryan has always eaten in his room SUddenly, he starts seeing ants everywhere. He doesn't know how to get rid of them He finally sends in an exterminator. The exterminator uses a gel that kills ants.

The Move
Timmy was upset he had to move to a new town and go to a new school. He would miss his friends, but today was the day of the move. His family arrived at their new house. Timmy was excited that his new room was so big! When Timmy went to school he made lots of new friends and was happy.

Ryan
Ryan never wanted to go to summer camp but his parents made him. He dreaded being in a cabin with a bunch of people he didn't know. When he got there he met some people who felt the same way. The three boys stuck together the whole week and became friends. Ryan couldn't wait to go next year to see his buddies.

Moving Furniture
Chris told me to hold one side of the sofa. We were trying to move it on the upper floor of the apartment. When we reached halfway, Chris's hands got tired. He couldn't hold the sofa and it dropped. It landed on the bottom floor.

Stay At Home Mom
My wife wants to quit her job and be a stay at home mom. I think that she should continue working because we need the money. She made a good point when she told me she would be happier at home. After hearing that I agreed that she should quit her job. We budgeted a little and we are still doing fine with money.

Get Rich
I found a silver quarter in my change today. Because of this I decided to go through all my other quarters. I found five more silver quarters among them. I took all the silver quarters to a jeweler to exchange them. He gave me five dollars for each quarter.

Puppy power
Tammy wanted a new puppy. Her mother would not let her get one. She worked hard to show her mother she was responsible. She did a lot of chores around the house. Her mother got her the puppy.

Time To work
I forgot to set my alarm last night. My internal clock let me oversleep. I was late for work yet again. I almost got fired. Luckily I'm a good worker and got one more chance.

Tom's Garden
Tom wanted to start a garden in his backyard. Tom bought seeds and fencing. Tom set up the fence and planted the seeds. Tom watered his plants for weeks. Now his plants are starting to grow different fruits!

Astronomer
Everybody thought Bob was too dumb to be an astronomer. He loved the stars very much. He put a lot of effort into his physics classes. He eventually graduated with a physics degree. Now he works at NASA.

Finally Going to Sleep
Amy and her friends stayed up all night. They decided to see how long they could stay up. They were laying on the floor in Lynn's room talking. Before long Amy heard snoring. She looked over to see both of the girls fell asleep as she talked.

Fred Parks His Car
Fred has been driving for hours and needs to rest. He begins to look for a place to park his car. Finally he finds a vacant parking space. He can just barely fit his car into the space. Now with his car parked, Fred can rest.

Driving the baby home.
Alex had just had his first baby. It was time to bring the baby home from the hospital. Alex was driving and he was really nervous. At first he was going so slowly, because he was too worried. Finally his wife encouraged him to speed up, so he tried his best to.

Taco Stand
I love Mexican food and I specifically love tacos. There was this taco stand right down the street from where I lived. I used to go there almost every night after work. Then one day it was gone and I wast told the man who would then died. I felt bad and now I have to find a new place to get tacos.

John Catches a Thief
John was on a walk through town, when a man came running behind him. The man snatched a handbag from a woman walking next to John. John chased down the thief, and eventually apprehended him. John reported the thief to the police and returned the handbag. The woman was very grateful, and they became friends.

Cross Country Movement
I lived in Alaska. I hated it because it was always cold. I decided to move somewhere warm. I packed my bags and moved to Miami. I loved the year-round warm weather in Miami!

Anatomy
I signed up for an anatomy class. On the first day, we had to explore human hearts. The professor passed out real embalmed hearts. I fainted upon seeing the hearts. I realized anatomy wasn't for me.

Paris
Fanny's dream was to go to Paris. She saved her money and bought a ticket to Paris. She had the time of her life and wanted to live there. Fanny eventually moved to Paris and still lives there today. Fanny just became a French citizen last week.

The Reunion
Bea looked at the time. The clock told her it was time to go pick up her son from school. She wondered what new story he would have to tell her today. She got in her car and drove the three minutes to his school. He was excited when he saw her and she realized she had missed him.

Cookie Success
Martha loved to bake cookies. She made a batch of chocolate chip cookie dough. She rolled the dough into balls and put them in to bake. After twenty minutes, the scent of cookies filled the house. The cookies were perfectly baked!

Cereal Prize
Simon was collecting toys from cereal boxes. He had four out of the five toys need for the collection. To get the last one he bought five boxes of cereal. He opened all five boxes dumping them out to grab the toy. One after another the same toys he already had fell out of the boxes.

Shopping
Jim went grocery shopping. He suddenly remembered that he left his wallet at home. Jim didn't want to drive back. He ran into his friend. His friend lent him money and Jim was very thankful.

The Fly
I was grilling yesterday and there was a fly bothering me. I was trying to get the fly and forgot about the food. All of the meat on the grill burnt. I had to give all of the burnt meat to the dogs. My dogs love when the flies bother me when I grill.

Fishing
Jon wanted to go fishing at the lake. He went to the store to buy supplies. Then he registered a fishing license. Jon packed up his car and drove to the lake. Finally, John got to fish at the lake!

The Band Member
John was lead singer of his high school band. Eventually he got kicked out. Nobody else seemed to like him. The band got a new singer and made it big. They never talk to John anymore.

Going to the Movies
Tom asked a group of his friends to go to the movies. Everyone arrived at the movie theater and chose a movie. After buying tickets, they all bought some popcorn and pop. Tom and his friends sat in the front row to watch the movie. After the movie was over, they all went home.

Bobbing for Apples
At the fall festival there was a big wide bucket. It was filled with water and apples. Jill had never bobbed for apples before. It didn't seem like it would be that hard. Until she tried it, realizing how slippery wet apples were!

Shock
Terrie was driving along the highway. She was thinking of the events that took place at work that morning. Terrie had been called into her supervisor's office. Her supervisor told her to pack up her desk, she was laid off. Terrie was in shock as she drove, not knowing what to do next.

Mandarin
I tried to learn Mandarin Chinese. I bought a set of CDs on amazon. I took one lesson. It lasted half an hour. I found it too hard to learn and gave up.

Trip to Friendly's
Alex was excited to go to Friendly's restaurant with his friends. When the boys entered the restaurant, they quickly found seats. The menu had many items and the boys settled for chicken. When the boys got their food, they were very happy. By the time the boys were done, they were very full.

Facing the Book
Vera was incredibly lonely. She was waiting for meaning to drop in her lap. She finds endless company on a social network. Vera decides that connections are all that matter. She stops looking for any meaning.

The First Day of Middle School
Zane started to walk to school when he met his cousin Endie. Zane and India began to run because they were running late. They arrived at school just as the first bell rang. They shared the same schedule and their first class was art. As soon as Zane and Endie got to class, the tardy bell rang.

Too Spicy
My friend brought this large bag of chips. I opened the bag and started to eat a few. They were food at first until the spice started to take effect. I ran to the closest water fountain since my mouth was burning. My friend took the bag away from me.

Party
Lana wanted to go to a party on Saturday night. But her parents made her stay home to babysit her little sister Ann! Frustrated, Lana decided to make the best of it . The girls set up blankets in the den and had their own slumber party. Lana had a great time at her private party with Ann!

Turtles
Ben got a turtle. He put it in a tank. The turtle didn't eat the candy Ben gave it. Ben was sad. After research, Ben found the right food to feed it.

Detox camp
Jill and Bethany planned on going to a detox camp together. They decided to go last weekend. Jill thought it was going to be full of spas and relaxation. She was wrong when she realized it was mostly about exercise. At that point, Jill wanted out.

Insect Grille
Bobby's teacher assigned the class to collect insects. Bobby put off the assignment until the last minute. He wondered how he could find enough insects for a collection. Then Bobby spotted the grille of his dad's car. He plucked off the battered insects and glued them to cardboard.

Caught in a Knot
Elena tried to run for the ball. Since she only started at the football, she ran into a tree. The branches held her hair tightly. Therefore, Elena struggled to get her hair out of the tree. She ended up cutting the tangled sections.

No party guests.
Justin was throwing a party. He was new in town and wanted to get to know people. He worked really hard on the party. Then, he waited. Unfortunately, no one showed up for his party.

Quentin Takes out the Trash
Quentin notices that the trash has been accumulating in his apartment. He knows it's time to take out the trash. He finally gets out of bed to take it out. He brings the trash to the alley behind his apartment. Quentin feels exhausted but accomplished.

Thief
Ray's teacher told the class to be quiet as she passed out tests. Ray had his number 2 pencil on his desk. And he turned around to put his books in his backpack. But then he noticed that his pencil was gone. Ray felt helpless.

Jan has Surgery
Jan feels sick all the time. Her parents don't believe her Finally they take her to the hospital. Doctors extract a 25 inch tape worm from her body. Jan is grossed out but she starts to feel much better.

Bill of Sale
Bill was starting his first day at his new job as a car salesman. The more experienced salesmen made fun of Bill. One of the older salesmen told Bill he should just go home. The teasing and mockery filled Bill with determination. Bill sold more cars that day than any other salesman at the lot.

Taxi
Amanda needed to get across town to the store. She didn't have a car of her own. Her husband had taken the family car to work. A quick call and she was waiting for the taxi. She got in and they were off to the store!

Movies
Last Saturday I went to the movies with my friends. We saw the late night showing of the movie Burnt. I could barely stay awake since it was midnight. The movie was so long and kind of dull. After the movie I went home and promptly fell asleep.

Javier Finds Love
All of Javier's best friends got married after college. He swore that he wouldn't get married because he loved being single. However, one year he began feeling more lonely than ever before. Javier met a nice woman named Leah and they started to date. Finally Javier got married, just like the rest of his friends.

Walking Home
Jamie's school was a block away, so her Mom let her walk home. One day, someone told her Mom a flasher was targeting kids. He drove up in his car and flashed them. Jamie didn't know what a flasher was. All she knew was after that, she wasn't allowed to walk home alone.

Switch!
Stan stole all of his co-worker's pens. He replaced all the black inks with red ink. Stan put back all the pens and waited. The co-worker was very angry when he discovered this prank. Stan did not take credit because of how angry the co-worker was.

Take it easy
Al was in the final laps of a car race. He pulled into third place and looked for an opening. On the next turn he took it wide to get around the other car. The second place car tried to block Al but failed. Al passed him and became the new second place driver.

New Dog
Jay always wanted to have a dog growing up, but never had one. When he moved into his own apartment, Jay decided to get a dog. The dog was a very anxious dog. One day, Jay left the dog alone, and the dog ripped up the couch. Now, Jay hates dogs and does not want them anymore.

Sending Christmas Cards
Jane was busy sending out her holiday cards. She had a bunch of envelopes to address. Then, she had to put a card in each one. Then, she put stamps on all of them. Finally, she put them in the mail box.

Christmas tradition
Every year we all put of the tree. Sing songs about Christmas. Even when we don't get along we come together. This year I knew was going to be different. My father wouldn't be here this Christmas.

The Prisoner
Jim was a prisoner but he was allowed out of his cell an hour a day. He was even allowed to go outside. Because he so rarely saw the sky, he didn't take it for granted. He would look up and be amazed. Absence does make the heart grow fonder, he reflected.

Being Greedy
Janice was eating a sub with Brad. He asked her if he can take a bite out of the sandwich. He ripped the sandwich half apart and starting eating it. She ended up buying a second sandwich. In addition, she tried to keep it away from Brad.

Finding Jane
Jane went for a walk in the woods. She was gone for three hours. Her parents called the cops. They searched the woods thoroughly for Jane. A man volunteering in the search, found Jane.

The VERY BIG Reunion
Karen was a little bit nervous about going to her high school reunion. She feared that group of girls who made fun of her would be there. However, she put on a brave face as she neared the reception hall. She was relieved to discover every one of those girls had gotten fat. Being fat made the girls much friendlier and Karen had a great time.

A dog
When I was a kid, I had a dog named Blue. We would run up and down my street all the time. One day I ran too far, and he ran ahead. He ran into the street and was hit by a car. He didn't last long and died, leaving me very sad.

Trip to London
Burt always wanted to travel to London. He invited his best friend Paul to come along. They both bought tickets. There was trouble at the airport because Burt forgot his passport. Burt ended up not going to London.

Hungry
There are many homeless people in Florida. We live in Pasco county, where there are beggars everywhere. They stand on the side of the road on Sundays, hoping to get money. Sunday is the only day it's legal to beg here in Florida. Last week, I gave $5 to a homeless lady, she didn't ask me for money.

The Old Computer
I bought a used computer. It was much cheaper than a new computer. When I turned it on, I discovered the hard drive had not been wiped. There was a lot of artwork and interesting stories on the hard drive. I realized whoever used to own the computer was very creative!

Beau Learns a Lesson
Beau was excited about his cute new puppy. His parents were upset though because the puppy kept urinating inside. Beau got tired of them nagging him and wanted to return the pup. But the little guy was too cute and Beau decided he was being unfair. He started taking the puppy out for regular walks, which fixed things.

Theo
Theo was a high school aged boy. He wanted to go to college. His parents could not afford to send him to school. Theo decided to take out student loans to go to college. Theo graduated college and is in debt.

Throwback
Jerry was playing catch with Diana He tried to do a trick shot and launched the boomerang high in the air However, the boomerang came towards Jerry. It ended up hitting his face. When Diana ran to him, she noticed that he caught a black eye.

the dentist
When I was 10 I had to go to the dentist. I did not like the visit to the dentist and cried the whole time. Then later my mom told me we could go to the game store. I thought it was taking longer than it should. My mom pulled up in front of the dentist's office.

Sprained Ankle
I sprained my ankle on July 20, 1969. I was walking and twisted my ankle badly. My mom put Chinese liniment on my ankle and I sat all day. I was in pain but excited watching Neil Armstrong walk onto the moon. I always associate the moon with sprained ankles now.

Midnight Train
Herbert had missed his flight to Georgia. He had to arrange to take a train. He had never rode on a train before. He handed the porter his ticket to board the train. Herbert ended up enjoying the train ride.

The yucky cup.
Jeremy was sitting at his desk. He went to take a sip of water. He felt something solid go into his mouth. He looked in the cup and realized there were some gnats in it. Disgusted, he threw the cup out.

Otter Lunch
The highlight of the zoo visit was the otter exhibit. They were being fed when Ned's family arrived. They got to watch them pick up rocks to open clam shells. They even washed their food in the stream. Ned learned a lot about otters that day.

The Ski Trip
My friends convinced me to go on a ski trip last weekend. The very first day I slipped and fell. I twisted my ankle and couldn't walk for days. I spent the whole trip indoors. None of my friends even bothered to stay in with me.

Hanging up posters.
Maggie was a member of the school council. They asked her to hang up posters for prom. She took the posters around the school. Using tac, she hung them up all over. Soon, they were all hung up.

Bike
Fred wanted to go bike riding. But when he opened his garage, he couldn't find his bike. He went to drive to the bicycle shop. But he noticed someone riding a bike that looked like his. But Fred was too scared to the confront the person riding it.

Missionary
Sam always wanted to help the world. He joined his local church at an early age. He was excited to go to a third world country to be a missionary. He was sent to Uganda for his first mission. He disappeared months ago and nobody knows where he is.

Waiting for food
I was hungry one day and decided to make food. I went to my freezer and grabbed a bag of chicken nuggets. I put the chicken nuggets on a tray in the oven and waited. I was very bored while waiting and began to fall asleep. After sleeping I woke to my house filled with smoke from burning food.

George's Dog
George had a dog named Oliver. He took Oliver for a walk around the lake one day. Oliver sniffed around and drank water from the lake. The dog ran and ran around the lake. After the walk, George had to carry Oliver back to the truck.

Fudge
Emma and her sisters entered their town's annual baking contest. Each sister was going to make their family's famous chocolate fudge. But Emma had a trick that would set her fudge above the rest. She added chopped walnuts to the mix to add crunch and flavor! Emma's add-in pleased the judges so much, she won first prize!

Rabbit Loss
I had a rabbit named Thumper when I was a kid. She lived in the basement. My family and I went in a family vacation and had to leave her. When we returned, she was very sickly. After a few days, she died and I was devastated.

Detention
Luke got detention at school last week. He has to stay after school for an hour every day. Apparently he got into a fight with another kid. The other kid got detention too. They both learned that fighting just makes things worse.

Sparklers
Johnny was afraid to hold sparklers. He wanted to like the other kids. But he was afraid he'd get burned. So he watched his friends play with them. He hoped he would be brave enough next time.

Music Lessons
Jason want to learn to play an instrument. He watches online videos of people playing instruments to get ideas. Jason picks piano to learn. Jason hires a piano teacher. Jason can now play a song on a piano.

Quentin Plays Chess
Quentin always wanted to play chess against someone in a park. He sees men playing chess there every Saturday afternoon. One day he decides to go and play against one of the men. He almost wins, but in the end he is defeated. Quentin feels happy that he finally played chess in the park.

Good Grades
Macie's parents offered her a new bike if she got an A on her test. She decided she would study really hard to get that grade. Her friends called her to come out and play but she said no. She even stayed up late to make sure she studied everything. Sure enough, Macie got an A and her parents bought her a new bike.

Coffee
Tina did not get much sleep last night. As a result, she was very tired at work. During lunch, Tina drank two cups of coffee. After Tina drank the coffee, she felt wide awake. By the end of the day, Tina no longer felt sleepy.

The Prank.
It was April Fools Day. Madeline wanted to trick her friends. She put toothpaste in some oreos. Then, she gave them to her friends. They fell for it.

On The Side
I used to live in this trash apartment. There was a mountain of garbage piled against the building. I took it on myself to get rid of it. I spent all day bagging up other people's junk. None of my neighbors even said thanks.

Egg
Emily was walking when a bird nest fell from a tree. She reached out and was able to catch on of the eggs. Emily took the egg home put it under a heat lamp. Emily watched over the egg for a few weeks. One day the egg hatched and Emily had a baby bird to care for.

Volleyball Spike
Barb always wanted to be able to spike a volleyball. She was never able to jump high enough to get over the net. She trained for a year on her vertical jump. She put all her focus on building her leg muscles. A year later Barb can now spike a volleyball perfectly.

Rap Race
SnowGirl has always rapped. She was struggling and trying to go to the next level. She entered a rap battle and killed it. A major producer was watching and signed her in sight. She became a huge rapper and had a great hit come out.

Babysitter
London really wanted to become a full time babysitter. She made some flyers and put them around the neighborhood. After a few days a neighbor approached her about babysitting. London gladly watched the lady's child everyday. She babysat for their family for 3 years.

Photo Contest
Beverly had always loved taking photographs. Her dream was to be a professional photographer and travel the world. She entered a contest where the first prize was a photography class. Unfortunately, a boy named Rufus took the first prize instead. Though she hadn't won, Beverly was determined to be a photographer.

Power Trip
Paul was an egotistical man, who would do anything to get to the top. He constantly put himself ahead of others who were more deserving. He was resented by his coworkers, and the customers of his company. One day, an angry mob formed, and they threatened Paul. Paul backed down, and he moved to France.

Sidewalk Performer
Steve loved to play his guitar on the sidewalk. He went out every day and people would give him tips. One day a music producer heard him performing. The producer asked Steve to meet with him to discuss business. Steve got to sign to a record label and make his first album.

The Snow Diver
Mike woke up to a big blizzard taking place outside. Him and his friends did not have class so they drank all day. Later, they decided to dive into the snow in only their shorts. Mike dove in and instantly regretted it. He ran back inside freezing.

Disney
I had never been to Disney before in my life. We made plans to go with my brother's family. The weather was great, and everyone was so friendly. We were so excited to finally see the Magic Kingdom. We got buttons and souvenirs to remember this wonderful vacation!

Tom's Kayak
Tom was driving to the sea with his kayak one day. He got out of his car and began to set up on the shore. Tom began rowing his kayak on the sea and felt a strong current. The current sucked Tom's boat further into the sea so Tom jumped ship. When Tom got to the shore, he did not see his boat anywhere.

Song On Repeat
Gina was listening to her new favorite song. She had the song on a CD. She put the song to repeat. The song played over and over again for hours. After 2 weeks she was tired of the song.

Bad Pie
Bill decides to try a pie from the new bakery. It is the worst pie he has ever eaten. He wonders how they can stay in business with such awful products. Then next week Bill sees a story about the bakery. The owners were arrested for using the bakery to launder money.

nun
Eva was very religious and devout. She decided to enter the convent. She took her vows. Then she officially became a nun. Eva was happy with her life choice.

The Bug Bite
Shannon got a spider bite one day. It itched and she put some medicine on it. At the end of the day, the swelling had gone down. The bite was still itchy, so she put some more cream on it. She felt better and went to bed.

Scott Leaves New York
Scott has felt increasingly unhappy in his last few Year's in New York. He decides he wants to move back home. His parents begrudgingly allow him to move into the basement. Scott packs up his things and sublets his tiny apartment. Driving out of New York, Scott feels both relieved and nostalgic.

The Estimate
Angie brought her car to a mechanic. She showed her husband the estimate. He decided he'd better visit the mechanic himself. When the mechanic saw Angie's husband, he lowered the estimate. Angie thought it strange since her husband knew nothing about cars.

Betsy Checks Into Her Hotel
Betsy finally arrives in Phoenix after flying from Atlanta. She wants to reach hotel after the long flight. Finally she is able to catch a cab. Although the driver can't find her hotel at first, finally she does. Betsy feels very relieved to finally check into her hotel in Phoenix.

The Ride
The subway train broke down when it was in the tunnel under the river. The only way out was to leave the train and walk in the dark. The conductor stayed behind because some people couldn't walk. The group that left were almost out when they heard rushing water. They barely made it out of the tunnel before it completely flooded.

Rex Has A Son
Rex had always worried that he wouldn't become a father. Finally he meets a woman and they fall in love. Eventually they have a son together. Rex and his wife raise their son with care. Rex is very proud to have become a father.

A Snack
Morgan decided to get herself a snack. She took some cookies from the pantry. She sat at the table with her cookies. She ate them happily. The cookies were a great choice for a snack.

Dab Sweater
Dan wanted to get a sweater to wear for the annual Christmas party. Dan went to the local mall in search for his sweater. Dan tried on several sweaters, but did not like any. As he was leaving the store, And saw a red sweater. Dan loved the red sweater, and decided to purchase it.

Illness
Tom felt ill after sleeping very little the night before. Tom felt throat pain at work. Tom decided to take a break to go to the pharmacy. Tom obtained some medication and it made him feel better. Tom returned to work and was very productive.

Math Club
Fred wants to join the math club at school. He tried out but didn't pass the qualification test. He looked at the type of equations he kept getting wrong. He hired a tutor to work on all the math areas he was the weakest at. The following year he came back and made the team with ease!

Best Egg Technique
Frank was in his kitchen dying eggs for Halloween. He liked to dye eggs for every holiday. He put the egg in the green dye and waited a long time. The egg was a great shade of green. Frank added the green egg to his other finished eggs.

Helping a friend
On Monday my friend sprained her ankle. She called me and asked me if I could give her a ride on Thursday. I picked her up and helped her with her crutches. We went to our favorite class together. Afterwards I drove her home and helped her get inside.

Roaches
We had roaches in our condo. I put traps up, but they did not catch them all. They were in the kitchen a lot. The condo association had the whole building treated. The roaches disappeared after that.

Fishing with Dad
Lou's dad went fishing with his friends one Saturday a month. Lou always asked to go along but his dad said he was too little. Then one day, Lou's dad said he could go! He and his dad went out on a boat with fishing poles. He was very excited when he caught his first fish that day.

The Fury
Amy asked Beth to come to her house the day after Christmas. When Beth arrived Amy showed her the Chemistry set she received. Just then Amy's mother called her downstairs. When Amy returned Beth had mixed all the chemicals into one container. Amy never got to play with her new Chemistry set.

Cupcake
Ella loved to go to the cupcake store up the street from her house. Her mother would take her there when she was off of school sometimes. Last week, Ella was sad to learn that the cupcake store was closing. Her mother said that she would look around for another place to go to. Today, they was excited to see a cupcake food truck down their street.

The clothing destroyed.
Sam and Annie had been fighting for days. Annie left the house to get some space. Sam was so mad that he destroyed her clothes while she was gone. She came home to find her favorite tops torn up and burned. She was so angry that she dumped him immediately.

Morning drop off
Chuck looked at the clock with frustration. He had been hurrying the kids for the past 20 minutes. If they didn't get in the car now they'd be late for school. They were all in the car when he noticed he didn't have his own shoes. They were late for school, but Chuck was very quiet about it.

Samantha Graduates College
Samantha wanted to be the first person to go to college in her family. Although her family was poor, she still managed to get good grades. When she graduated high school, she had multiple scholarships. Samantha was able to go to college for free. After she graduated, Samantha became a successful businesswoman.

A Nice Song
This morning I heard a bird chirping. It was right outside my kitchen window. I opened the window to get a better listen. He looked at me and played louder before flying away. It was like having my own personal nature show.

Going to the Zoo
My family wanted to do something. We decided to get in our car and drive around. We noticed the zoo had a free entry day. We entered the zoo and saw lots of animals. We went back home after a few hours.

A Day at the Beach
Last weekend we went to the beach. It was an hour long drive to get there. When we got there, it was pretty packed. We found a spot and spent all day there. The kids were exhausted and fell asleep on the way home.

Snow Dreams
Rita lived in a place where it never snowed. She wanted to see what snow was like so badly. She decided she would work hard so she could visit a place with snow. She worked extra shifts until she had saved enough to visit Alaska. Rita finally got to see snow!

Studying for Football
Terrance was doing poorly in math. He needed a B on the next exam to stay on the football team. Football was Terrance's true passion. His parents decided to hire him a tutor. He was very proud of himself when he got a B+ on the exam.

Creepy Camera
Kathy went into the Buckle store to get some jeans. She found some she liked, and went into the changing room. While in there, she heard something weird. She turned to see there was a camera in the room! She ran out and told the workers and called the cops.

The Plant
Today I bought a new plant. The plant needs a lot of sunlight. I put the plant in the window. The area by the window was very cold. I had to move the plant away from the window to keep the plant warm.

Las Vegas
I was in Las Vegas for a business trip. My coworkers insisted on playing the slots after work. I decided to go play with them. I lost hundreds of dollars to the slot machine. I vowed to never gamble again!

Big Bag Of Chips
Gina had been at the library for 3 hours. It was now 1 PM and she was hungry. She decided to go eat, and come back later. She bought a bag or sour cream and onion chips. She was so hungry she'd eaten half the bag by the time she got home.

Lost and Found
Maria found a digital camera on the bus. There were wedding photos on the camera. She put up ads in the newspaper. The couple contacted her and came to pick up the camera the next day. As a reward, the couple gave her $500!

Sky Diving
Rachel wanted to go skydiving. She went to the nearest skydiving center and took lessons. She was ready to skydive two weeks later. Rachel went up in the airplane. She then jumped out of the airplane!

Leaf Pile
Jake spent all morning raking leaves. He put them in a big pile. Before he could bag him his little brother saw it. He jumped on the big pile. Jake was upset that leaves scattered everywhere.

Ears Pierced for the First Time
Lisa was quite nervous to get her ears pierced for the first time. She walked into Claire's with her mother and sat on the chair. The sales person grabbed the earring gun and put it in her lobe. Lisa was surprised the pain did not hurt at all. She looked in the mirror at her new earrings and was happy.

Clean Your Plate
Timmy hates carrots. But his mom won't give him desert unless he finishes all his food. So he eats the carrots. She lets him have a piece of cake. Timmy is very happy.

The test fail.
Lauren wanted to go to a party. Her parents said that she needed to pass her English test first. She tried her best on the test. Unfortunately, she didn't pass. Her parents grounded her until she could improve her grades.

Test nerves
I had my first science exam last Tuesday. I was incredibly scared to take the exam. I was up all night studying but it didn't help the nerves. When i went into the classroom I took the test. It actually was not as bad as I thought.

The Dentist Visit
Sally had to go to the dentist for the first time. She sat down in the chair and waited for the dentist. She was very scared of all the shiny tools. The dentist came in and checked her teeth. The dentist told Sally she did a great job, and gave her a sticker!

Kim wants a pool.
Kim loves to swim. She pays to go to the YMCA to use their pool. She hates having to drive so far. She got a second job to buy a pool. She saved up enough and now has a pool in her backyard!

Trick Candles
Wendy's brother loved to play tricks on her. So on his birthday, she put trick candles on his cake as payback. He made his wish and blew and blew and blew. But the candles wouldn't go out. Wendy doubled up with laughter as he continued to try to blow them out

carpet stain
Jim was playing with paint. He got paint on the carpet. He tried forever to get it out. He had an idea. He placed a rug right over the stain to hide it.

Akira's day out
Akira spent last weekend hanging out with her friends. They all decided to go see a movie. Everyone wanted to see a scary movie, but Akira didn't like horror. Akira decided to not speak up and just watch the movie regardless. In the end she had a good time with her friends anyways.

Riding a Bike
I wanted to learn to ride a bike. My father told me he would help. We went to the park and practiced all day. Dad ran behind me until I learned to balance on my own. By the next day I was riding all by myself.

Shopping
Lucy is a stay at home mom who likes clothes. One day her friend invited her to an online shopping party. She agreed to attend. The party included games with cash prizes toward clothes. Lucy won all the prizes and happily bought lots of clothes.

First in line
Kim wanted to go see the new movie in town. She camped out in front of the theater to be first in line. A long line started to form behind her. When tickets went on sale she bought 2. Kim took her best friend to the movie.

Candle Making
I never know what to get my mother for her birthday. Every time I would ask, she'd tell me not to get her anything. I decided to make her something instead of buying a traditional gift. In the end, I learned how to make a candle. My mom loved it, it was better than anything I could've purchased.

The shadow
I heard a noise outside. Frightened, I peeked out the window. I saw a shadow move in the distance. I stepped back for moment to catch my breath. When I looked back, the shadow was gone.

The Last Cigarette
I was outside the bar last night smoking. We were about to leave when someone asked me for a cigarette. I told them that was my last one. I actually had plenty more to give away. I just didn't want to contribute to other's poor health choices.

Marching Band
Rick played saxophone in the marching band. He was so good he received a full ride scholarship for music. He was marching on the field when he tripped over his shoelace. He fell and the saxophone cut off three of his fingers. Rick now plays the trombone.

A Christmas Gift
Jane really wanted to get the old lady next door a Christmas present. Only seven years old, Jane had very little money of her own. Jane's mother took her to the drugstore to shop. Jane spent all of her coins on a deck of playing cards. The lady next door was touched that Jane had cared so much.

Massage
Tara wanted to find a new hobby. She decided to take massage classes. She eventually became a professional masseuse. She opened her own shop a year later. She enjoyed her thriving business.

Nothing but the Best
Doris wanted to give her kids the best education. She took them out of public school to enroll in private school. To pay the tuition, Doris had to get a job. At the first open house, a woman recognized Doris. She introduced Doris to her friends as her new maid.

Tricked
My friend called me to come hang out one time. He said to meet him at the basketball court nearby. I walked through the woods to get there. Suddenly him and three others jumped out from behind a tree. They covered my good clothes in white dye and ruined my day.

Free Honeymoon
Amy and her fiance had a tight budget for their wedding. They cut cost in every way including their honeymoon. They both decided they would take their honeymoon after a year. At the reception their grandparents gave the best toast speech ever. They announced that they had paid for a honeymoon travel package.

Chris Moves Uptown
Chris needs to find a cheaper apartment. He begins searching for a new place to live. He finds a nice apartment uptown. Chris moves all his belongings into his new apartment. Finally he is home in his new place.

College
Bob studied hard in high school to get good grades. Bob applied to a good college. Bob got accepted to the college. In college Bob studied hard to meet the requirements. Bob met the requirements and graduated from college with a degree.

Naptime
It was only 5 pm, but I felt very tired. I decided to take a nap. I slept for 3 hours. When I woke up I felt refreshed. I immediately got up and did housework.

The Morning Deer
George loved to go on hikes in the morning. He went to a new area and decided to explore it alone. He was enjoying the sights when he suddenly saw a family of deer. George stopped moving and reached for his cellphone. He began to take pictures so he could share it with family.

On the road again
Paul was nervous as he put his keys into his car. The car started and he put it in drive. Paul gave the engine some gas and shot out of his driveway. There was light traffic on the road as Paul drove to work. As he parked the car, he felt more at ease.

Bank hours
Whitney had to get to the bank. She did not get off work until 5pm. The bank closed at 5pm. She drove there as fast as she could. She arrived at the bank at 4:58pm.

The haircut
Todd hate to get his haircut. His mom made him go to the barber. He cried all the way to the barbershop. Upon entering, the barber gave him a lollipop. Todd likes the barber now.

Libby's Towel
Libby loves to go swimming at the beach. As she gets ready to go, she feels like she is forgetting something. She decides to leave anyway, and drives to the beach. After swimming for about an hour, she goes to find her towel. Her towel is nowhere to be found, and now she knows what she forgot!

Late Night
Ned stayed up late to study for his chemistry test. He had done poorly in previous tests. This time, he decided he would stay up all night to study. Ned ended up falling asleep at 5AM. Ned overslept and missed his test.

Tina's Haircut
Tina wanted to get a new haircut. She went to the hair salon and asked for something different. The stylist cut Tina's hair very short. Tina was very unhappy with her new haircut. She wore a hat for the next six months.

Christmas Bonus
I worked for a researcher. I was his best worker. He decided to give me a Christmas bonus. I thanked him and cried tears of joy. Then, I looked at the check and he gave me only twenty dollars.

Adventure
Jake decided to go hiking today. He went up the mountain but got lost. He forgot to bring his phone. He yelled out in desperation. Nobody heard him yell and nobody heard from Jake ever again.

Socks
I was in a hurry this morning. I had to skip breakfast and put clothes on fast. Even with rushing I barely made it to work on time. It wasn't until I sat down and talked to someone that I noticed. I was in such a hurry that I forgot to wear matching socks.

Lost Tooth
Nancy lost a tooth. When she went to put it under her pillow it had disappeared. She wrote a note to the Tooth Fairy explaining the situation. The Tooth Fairy left her a note that she had found it. She left 50 cents under Nancy's pillow as well.

Spencer's Going to the Bank
Spencer needs to deposit some cash into his account. He arrives at the bank at 9am. The bank just opened, and he doesn't have to wait in line. Spencer deposits his money and leave. Spencer is satisfied by saving money.

Hot Spot
The dog's incessant licking had created a hot spot on his back. The owner tried different home remedies, but nothing helped. The owner decided to take the dog to the vet. The vet suggested a course of prednisone. Within a few days, the hot spot was gone.

SAT
I had to take the SAT. I was terrified of failing. Indeed, I failed miserably. I decided to study hard and take it again. On my second try I got into the 99 percentile ranking!

Waitress
Needing money, Joan got a job as a waitress. She saw how the other waitresses competed for the best tippers. Joan determined to give every customer the same great service. Soon, she was mostly waiting on big families that left small tips. Joan decided it was time to start competing like the other girls.

Plane
Ann had never been on an airplane. Her family was going on vacation next month to Florida. She was scared the plane was going to fall down. Her friend told her there was nothing to worry about. Ann got on the plane, and the plane landed safely.

Going to church
My grandma and I were spending the weekend together. She was christian and wanted to take me to her church. On sunday morning, we left for church. We sat for hours and talked about the bible. After church, we went back home.

Someone to Play With
Lucy was on the porch watching the cars drive by. A car pulled into the driveway next door. It was the neighbors granddaughter. She'd come to stay with her grandparents for the weekend. Lucy was elated to finally have someone to play with.

Beta Access
Jay had been waiting over a year for the new game to come out. It was announced last week that there would be a beta test period. Jay constantly refreshed his email daily, hoping to get in. On the 8th day, Jay awoke to an email stating he was in. He had never been more excited for an email as he was that moment.

The Blizzard
An icy wind swept across the mountains as night began. The man searched in vain for his friend but could not find him. Finally, just as he was about to give up hope, he noticed something. His friend was laying in the snow, frozen but barely alive. He covered his friend in warmth and stayed with him until help came.

Infection
Lisa skinned her knee. She cleaned it and put a bandage on it. A few days later, it got infected. She went to the doctor. The doctor helped Lisa.

Doing Hair
Lucy's grandma was doing her hair after dying it. Her grandma put rollers in her long hair. Lucy had never seen foam rollers before. Grandma said the foam was soft so she could sleep on it. Grandma tied her hair in a scarf and went to sleep.

The separated juice.
Maggie was drinking some green juice. She left the cup out for awhile. When she went to get another sip it tasted odd. She realized that it had separated weirdly. She threw the juice out.

The Worm
Monica had to pee, but her parents were already asleep. She tried to walk to the bathroom, but the floor creaked. Monica wrapped in a blanket and laid down on the floor. She started crawling to the bathroom like a worm. She made it to the bathroom without any cracking.

First Steps
The tiny baby was ready to go. She couldn't wait to be on the move. She cautiously put her foot to the floor. The second foot followed. Away she went walking down the hallway.

Exam Anxiety
Amy had an exam to take this morning. She was terrified of taking it. The first few questions were easy for her. The last question however was the most difficult. She passed the exam with a C.

Coffee Shop
There was this amazing coffee shop by my house. I used to go there every morning before work. They always had the best prices and the strongest coffee beans. They closed down last week, I was told they went out of business. Now I have to find somewhere else to get my coffee.

Bribe
My husband and I often travel to Mexico. Unfortunately we do not speak Spanish. One day we were pulled over for speaking. We couldn't understand the officer but offered him cash. He took the cash and let us go.

The Slip and Fall
After work I called my girlfriend and made plans to go eat out. While walking to the restaurant I tripped and fell. I waited for the medics to come and help me. While I was waiting I called my girlfriend to tell her what happened. We met at the hospital and we spent the evening in the emergency room.

New shoes
I took my three year old to buy new shoes. We went to seven stores before he found what he wanted. When we got outside he asked to put the new ones on. Once he was wearing them I asked him if he wanted to show his mom. He said no because he was afraid she might be jealous.

Grocery List
Sam had to go grocery shopping. He left the grocery list that his wife had written for him. He ended up forgetting a lot of the items he needed. He had to return to the store again to get the things he forgot. He never forgot his list again.

Trina Gets a Apartment
Trina wanted to move into a new apartment. Her current one was too small. She wanted a 2 room apartment with a large bathroom. She was able to find a nice place that met her needs online. Trina paid the security deposit the very next day.

Fridge Fiasco
Will woke up to get a glass of orange juice. When he opened the refrigerator, everything inside was warm. Will angrily emptied the refrigerator into a cooler. As he took out the last box of soda, he saw it blocked a vent. Almost instantly, the refrigerator filled with cold air.

Cool Ink
Christie headed to the tattoo shop to get a tattoo. She searched the wall for a cool design. Finally, she settled on a butterfly. She told the lady at the desk her selection. Unfortunate for her, 15 year olds are a little too young for tattoos.

Blizzard of 1978
We were snowed in during the blizzard of 1978. We did not go out for 3 days. On the fourth day we walked to Chinatown, which was surprisingly open. We bought some roast duck. We had a nice dinner that night.

A Sad Vacation
Jon decided to go on vacation. He hired someone to take care of his dog while he was gone. One day, the person he hired forgot to feed the dog. The dog had to go hungry! When Jon figured out, he fired the person.

Paramount Theater
We used to go to the Paramount Theater when we were kids. The theater had a large marquee. It served good ice cream. We saw 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea there. The theater closed down, but was recently renovated and reopened.

Women's Bathroom
Ian badly had to go to the bathroom. But there was another man waiting in line. So he decided to quickly use the women's bathroom. But after he finished, he saw two women waiting outside. Ian quickly walked away in embarrassment.

First Loss
Amy was watching her volleyball team from the bench. They were losing. All she cared about was the fact she didn't get to play. After the game the coach didn't say much. Amy didn't bother approaching her, she just sat on the bus sulking.

Oliver bakes a cake.
Oliver was making a chocolate cake. He mixed up all of the ingredients in a bowl. Then he put the batter into a pan and put it in the oven. After it came out of the oven, he frosted it. Finally, he enjoyed a slice of cake.

Sleepwalking Cookie Caper
Becky was suspicious that someone was eating her cookies. Though she had hid them, they kept disappearing. Becky set up a camera to find the culprit. The next day, she checked the footage. Becky was surprised to find herself sleepwalking to them.

Sushi
Today I went to the new sushi place in town. I had to wait an hour before I could be seated. When I got my seat, I decided to order three rolls. The rolls were so good that I ate them all. I have a new favorite sushi place to eat at now.

Building a house
Matt decided to build himself a house. However, he did not have the right tools. He decided to get a job at a wood shop. They offered a big employee discount. Matt used the discount to get all the tools he needed for the house.

Farmer's Market
Ben took his daughter to the farmer's market. The two of them go every Saturday. They always buy their vegetables there. Ben has his daughter pick out the best tomatoes that she can find. After 45 minutes of shopping, the two head home to make lunch.

Too cold to sleep.
Maria was laying in bed trying to sleep. She wrapped her blankets around her but she was still cold. She was so tired that she didn't want to get up. But the longer she went, the colder she got. Finally, she jumped out of bed to turn up the heater.

toilet paper
Ida used the bathroom one morning before anyone else woke. Then she reached for the toilet paper. To her horror, the roll was empty! Ida had to wait an hour until her brother woke up. He laughed when she alerted him to her plight.

Burn
My kettle started to shoot steam into the air. I tried to take off the stove before removing the kettle. All of a sudden, the top of the kettle popped off. All of the pressurized air moved towards my hand. I ended up getting burned.

New Home
Mark wants to move to a new house. His wife Danielle does not want to move. Mark convinces her to look at a couple new houses. She does not see any that she likes. Danielle refuses to move.

Doberman
Rafael kicked the soccer ball into his neighbor's courtyard. He tried to climb the gate to get it back. When he landed in the yard, a dog barked. A big Doberman showed up and started chasing Rafael. Rafael hit it over the nose and the dog ran away whimpering.

Brandon's Cat
Brandon woke up one morning to find his cat missing. He put missing cat flyers up around town. He was very sad that he couldn't find his cat. He heard a cry from a tree. He climbed the tree and found his cat.

New Boots
Jill had to get a new pair of shoes. Her shoes would get wet whenever she went outside in the snow. She ordered a pair of heavy duty boots from Amazon. They arrived the very next day. Jill played in the snow with her new boots after.

Freeloader
Ian arrived at the food court inside the mall. He took a sample of food at the Chinese food area. In order to move to the next food place, he took off his sweater. He also put on a hat when walking to the next stop. The person giving out samples didn't recognize him.

Cheesy Fingers
Bobby got into the cheese puffs. His mother told him to wait until after dinner, but he couldn't. He thought he'd gotten away with it. Then he realized he had bright orange cheese all over his fingers. His mother didn't let him have dessert that night as punishment.

Solo
Cam wanted to see a movie. He called a few friends, but everyone was busy. Sighing, Cam decided to go alone. At first he felt weird being alone at the movies. But soon, he got over it and had a great time!

Day At The Beach
I decided to go to the beach today. I wanted to get some sun. I packed my sunscreen, bathing suit, and towel. I got into my car and drove to the beach. After staying for 2 hours, I drove home.

BSO
I used to go to the Boston Symphony Orchestra concerts. I stopped going after suffering a stroke. This week I heard the BSO won a Grammy for a Shostakovich recording. Today I listened to the cd on Spotify in the BSO's honor. I was pleased to listen to the BSO on line, in not live.

The N word
We had to go to a black section of town for a seminar. My coworkers are white, while I am Chinese. We had no trouble at the seminar. Driving home, my coworker used the n word when a driver cut her off. We were shocked, and told her not to say that again.

Sick from a taco.
Lilith loved fish tacos. She tried to get her boyfriend to try one but he didn't like fish. Finally, he agreed to try. Lilith made the tacos that night. Unfortunately, the meat was bad and they got sick.

Ticket Hog
I decided to go to my favorite arcade machine in the restaurant. I found out that a kid was already playing it. He couldn't stop playing for several minutes. However, the tickets from the machine ran out and he left. I had to wait an additional hour for the ticket vendor to refill them.

Lisa's Hobby
Lisa felt bored with her summer vacation. Lisa decided to take up stamp collecting. She began to find stamps and sort them. She conducted research to learn more about the stamps. Lisa enjoyed her new hobby.

Running into a Friend
Fred noticed he was out of milk. Fred went to the store to get some more. When he got to the store, he ran into his friend Sally. They hadn't seen each other in months. They decided to get coffee together and reconnect.

Summer House
The Thomas family likes to go to the Cape every summer. This summer they stayed for 2 weeks. They had loads of fun, but there was a massive storm. The storm caused a power outage. Despite the outage, the Thomases still had fun.

Fraggle Rock
John remembered watching Fraggle Rock all the time. It was on PBS on weeknights. He would always make sure to try and catch it. He loved how they sang and danced. It was one of his favorite muppet type shows.

The paint mess.
Abigail wanted to make a keepsake. She planned on making handprints with her toddler. She put his hands in blue paint for the print. When she wasn't looking, he smeared the paint everywhere. He made a huge mess that she had to clean.

Visiting
Sue was going to Germany to meet and visit some relatives. She was scared and nervous for the two-week trip. She thought she'd feel alienated and lonely. But everyone in Germany was very welcoming and friendly. After two weeks, Sue almost didn't want to return home!

Chinese Food
I love Chinese food and there is the best place next to my house. I order delivery almost every night and the prices are decent. I called today to place an order and I was told that they closed down. They recommended another Chinese place to me similar to them. I gave it a shot but it's not as good and it's more expensive.

Yard Sale
I have too much stuff! I really need to get rid of some things. I just posted an ad. I'm having a yard sale. It will be good to have more space.

Hair Color
Mandy decided to dye her hair brown at home. She bought a kit at the store. Mandy put the hair dye on and got distracted. She finally washed it off and her hair was orange! Mandy realized she must have left the dye in her hair too long.

Unexpected Raccoon
The Lovett's had a cat door installed in the kitchen. It made it easier for the cat to get in and out when she wanted to. One morning Mister Lovett walked into the kitchen. Standing at the bowl of catfood was a surprised looking racoon. It had come in through the cat door!

Burnt Pizza
Ann got up in the middle of the night feeling hungry. She decided to reheat some leftover pizza. She put it in the microwave and watched. She closed her eyes, and once she opened them the oven was smoking. Ann decided to always use the timer feature in the future.

Trying to Buy a Puppy.
I found a puppy for my daughter online. I decided to drive to pick up the puppy. On the way I got a flat tire and it started to rain. I called the seller of the puppy and she brought me the puppy. I changed my tire and brought the puppy home.

Needing new glasses
Kelsi needed some new glasses. Things were getting difficult to see. She decided to go to the eye doctor to get checked. The doctor gave her a prescription. Kelsi then walked out with glasses.

Failing Grade
Jon was a college freshman. He was failing his engineering class. He decided to get help. He hired a tutor. The tutor helped him pass his engineering class.

overtime
Ann's boss asked her to stay over. Ann didn't want to. Grudgingly, she accepted. When she got her check the next week, she grinned. Ann decided she was glad she'd stayed over after all!

Roman's woes.
Roman was planning to visit his sister during Easter. The night before, he had not been able to sleep. He woke up after dinner. He quickly got dressed and drove over. His sister was still happy to see him!

Party
Our neighbors down the hall had a very noisy party. One of the guests passed out in front of my door. When I asked him to leave he swore at me. I called the police. The guest left before the police came.

Coma
Jin and Al's father was in a coma. Their grandmother convinced them to visit the hospital. She held their hands against their father. She demanded he wake up because his children were there. Their father did not wake up.

Spring
The sun was shining this morning. I walked the dog for a little while. She loves to go out on Sunday Funday. It is difficult to get her back inside. I always bring her treats to reward her.

Overtime
Things didn't go as planned at work today. The production lines were down because of a broken conveyor belt. This put us behind schedule by four hours! Looks like I'll be working this Saturday after all. At least I'll be getting some overtime!

Cats
My friend has two cats, and they're not very alike. The white cat is friendly, but the orange cat is mean. I try to stay away from the orange cat. One day, the orange cat was really nice to me. Over time, even mean cats can warm up to people.

Big Sale
Dan was tired of owning a clothing store. He decided to sell everything he had and go out of business. Dan put up big signs and ran a major sale. A lot of people came to buy his clothes. So many people came that Dan was sold out before closing time.

Pig Pen
Jill loved visiting her cousin who lived on a farm. On the way to the farm, Jill's mom told a story about a mean pig. Later, Jill's cousin dared her to go into the pig's pen. Jill remembered about the ferocious pig and refused. At supper, the cousin told how Jill was afraid of a baby pig.

Makeup Lessons
Sarah loved makeup. One day, she opened her mother's makeup box. Sarah put eyeshadow on her eyes. She put lipstick on the wall. Her mother didn't let Sarah play with make-up after that.

happy dog
There was a stray dog in the city. He wandered from place to place. A women came up to the dog and fed it food. She bonded with the dog. She took the dog home and kept him.

Kary's Cars
Kary loved to collect vintage cars. Kary had hundreds of them in a warehouse! She wanted to buy a new house but had no money left! She decided to sell her old cars for money. She sold all of them and bought the house of her dreams!

Washing the deck
I stepped outside one day and saw that my deck was filthy. I went inside and put on my boots. I went outside and grabbed the hose and a mop. I scrubbed the deck and sprayed the mud off. After I was done, the deck looked great again.

The Parakeet
Ollie got his first pet, a parakeet. He decided to keep his pet in his room. That night when it was time to go to sleep he turned off the light. His bird wouldn't be quiet! Then he remembered he was supposed to cover the cage at night.

Tanning Beds
All the girls in Mia's school made fun of her for being pale. They all had the golden skin you can only get from a tanning bed. Mia didn't let it bother her because she knew too much sun was bad. At the ten year reunion Mia looks incredible, not a day over 21. All the other girls have leathery skin and look not a day under 41.

Hot sauce
Tim was at a party. All the adults put hot sauce on their food. Tim wanted to be like the adults. He poured hot sauce all over his food. After burning his mouth he no longer wanted to be an adult.

Fast thinking
Sam was having a party for his friends later that day. He did not have time to buy a tablecloth for his table. Sam took a bedsheet and set it on his dining table. All of Sam's friends were impressed with his quick thinking. They said it was the nicest tablecloth they ever seen.

Really Entitled To More
Stella worked for a super demanding boss. He would never give her affirmations for the hard work she did. Stella felt incredibly unhappy with her life. She was certain she deserved more praise for all she did. Stella filed a discrimination claim against her boss.

Jacob Hosts a Party
Jacob decides to host a small party to celebrate fall. He asks each of his friends to bring a fall-related gift. For his party, Jacob bakes a terrific apple pie. All of his guests tell Jacob that he threw a great party. He is very happy that he decided to host a party.

Star Struck
Pam worked a popular ride in an amusement park. She was getting tired of seeing the usual guests. Then one day, a celebrity came to ride the attraction. It was Chris Evans sitting in the first row. Pam was star struck for the rest of the day.

Alarm Clock
I hated waking up in the morning. I decided to throw away my alarm clock. Now, I could wake up naturally instead of forcing it. Alas, I ended up sleeping ten hours every night. I realized I needed an alarm clock to avoid sleeping too much.

A Day At The Fair
One summer, Delaney and her friend Cat decided to go to the state fair At the fair they ate corn dogs, cotton candy, and deep-fried twinkies. After eating, they went to the midway to go on some rides. Cat and Delaney chose to ride the biggest rollercoaster. When they got off the ride, they got sick and threw up everywhere!

The Dog
I had a dog. He would always go outside and stare into the distance. I couldn't figure out what he was doing. Then I realized he was looking at the dog in the neighbor's yard. Then I invited the neighbor over to have a dog play-date.

Another Store
The grocery store was out of Gina's brand of water. She needed to go to another store. She drove past the expensive store to find a more affordable one. She pulled into the parking lot at the economy store. It was out of the way, but she was happy to save some money.

Shooting star
Michael was playing football with his friends. Michael ran out for a pass and looked up in the air. He noticed something odd in the sky and called his friends over. They all looked up and saw a shooting star in the sky. They stopped playing football and talked about the sight.

Surgery
Lindsey was extremely nervous. She learned she had to get gum reconstructive surgery on her mouth. Ever since she was a child, she had been terrified of surgeries. She brainstormed and tried to find a way to avoid the operation. Eventually, Lindsey realize she needed to face her fears and go for it

Lost wallet
Jesse had just got paid. He put his money in his wallet. He lost his wallet later that day. He searched all over for it. He found it in the clothes hamper.

Tomato
I went on a field trip to a nursery when I was a small child. They gave us each a tomato they had grown right there! My mother set it aside to use in our dinner. When she came back for it, there was a huge chunk missing. My brother, a toddler who loved tomatoes, had helped himself to it!

Missed Work
Dan set his alarm clock for seven in the morning. For some reason, the alarm clock didn't go off. Dan was angry because it made him miss work. He got so angry he broke the clock with a hammer. Then, he got more angry because he realized he had to go buy a clock.

The Narcissistic Candidate
A narcissistic businessman decided to run for president. Since he had no experience, he was not regarded seriously. But many voters liked his anti-immigrant message and violent rallies. Although he had no policy expertise, he was elected president. With an insane novice as president, the country descended into chaos.

A Good Gift
Jean wasn't sure what to give his mother for Christmas. Finally, he decided to make her something. He wanted to make her a candle. He worked very hard to make it. She loved the candle.

Kim
Kim wanted to go shopping. But all of her friends were busy that day! Then Kim decided to ask her mom and sister. The three women went to the mall together. Kim had a wonderful time shopping with her family!

Ski
Thomas never tried to ski before. His friends made him go to the mountain. He put on his skis and went down the mountain. It was going good until the tree came up. Thomas slammed into the tree ending his first day of skiing.

Bad Cold or Cold Feet?
Chris woke up and went downstairs, coughing harshly. His mom looked at him with concern and asked what was wrong. Chris said he felt sick and thought he should probably stay home. His mom said she hadn't forgotten today was his oral report. Caught, Chris confessed he was just trying to get out of it.

Candlepin bowling fun
Rita decided to take her kids bowling. Since they were very small, she did candlepin. The kids loved it. Her son scored numerous strikes. At the end, Rita went to take them for ice cream.

Calvin Saves the Day
Calvin walked by a car and heard a baby crying from inside. He looked around for help, but no one was there. It was hot outside and he couldn't walk away and leave the baby. He grabbed a rock, smashed the window and extracted the crying baby. The mother arrived moments later, and was relieved instead of angry.

Getting Ears Pierced
Nancy was scared to get her ears pierced for the first time. Her mother took her to Claire's and sat her down on the chair. Nancy trembled with fear as she watched the woman get the needle. The needle gun pushed into her ear and put in pretty earrings. To her dismay, Nancy was not in pain and she loved the earrings.

coffee
I set up my coffee pot for coffee in the morning. When I got up, there was coffee all over the counter. I guess I had put the filter in wrong. I had my mom show me the right way. Now, I make coffee everyday without a mess.

Rufus Rides the Bus
Rufus hasn't seen his best friend for three Year's. He decides it is finally time to visit his best friend. Rufus takes the long bus ride to Pennsylvania. When he is reunited with his best friend, Rufus is happy. He decides he will never go so long without seeing his best friend.

Horseback Riding
Hattie's friend Sue wanted to go horseback riding for her birthday. Hattie hadn't been before so she was nervous. Her friend promised her they'd pick a gentle horse for her to ride. She was matched up with Willie, and old chestnut gelding. She managed to stay on Willie's back the entire ride.

Craig's New Sneakers
Craig has wanted to get himself an early birthday present for months. He decides to treat himself to a new pair of sneakers. He researches sneakers for a few weeks. He finally finds a pair that is both comfortable and stylish. Craig is so happy that he bought a gift for himself.

The Vacation
Ally's husband told her he was cheating on their marriage. Ally became very upset. She decided to book a trip to Fiji to get away. While she was there, she met a beautiful younger man. They fell in love and Ally decided to stay in Fiji.

A Puppet Show
Miss Landry's kindergarten class was very excited. They were going to a puppet show at the library that afternoon. They rode a bus to get to the library. After they were all seated the show started. They all enjoyed it very much and clapped when it ended.

Caffeine Break
Every day I run out of energy at about 2:00. However, I my work gets busiest around that time. So I schedule 15 minutes every afternoon to get a coffee. It helps keep me alert to make it through my workday. I think I would fall asleep otherwise!

Back Again
Kevin found himself stuck in maze of back alleys. He tried taking multiple lefts. He attempted to leave a trail as he went. Finally he was able to find his way out of the maze. Unfortunately, he had to head back in for his wallet.

The first car.
Ashley had been saving money all summer. It was time for her to get her very first car. She was at the lot checking cars out. Then, she spotted a cute red one. It was a bit out of her budget but her dad offered to help her pay.

Bad Injury
James caught the ball from the quarterback. He started to run towards the end zone. An opponent ran towards her from the other side. He tackled me. My left leg broke.

Bike Stolen
Kim got a bike for her birthday. She rode her bike all summer long. One day she put her bike on the gate at home, but didn't lock the lock. 2 hours later she went outside to ride her bike some more. To her horror her bike was gone and the chain was on the gate.

The long move.
Cassidy was moving across the country. She was new to driving and especially had never driven so far. She was very nervous, but tried to stay focused. Her trip went really well. She actually made it to her new town a bit earlier than she thought.

Long Walk
Yesterday Stephanie had to walk a long way to work. Her friend Sally told her she would give her a ride the next day. Sally pulled up at her house and called her. Stephanie had already started walking because she forgot about Sally. They laughed about the error and vowed to try to communicate better.

The Promotion
Dan's boss said the leading salesman next month would get promoted. Dan decided he wanted the promotion. Dan worked very hard to close his sales accounts. At the end of the month Dan was the leading salesman. Dan got the promotion!

The Speeding Ticket
Jay was pulled over for speeding. He was upset over the whole thing. The cop was going to give him a warning. Jay kept instigating and insulting. The cop decided to give jay a ticket after all.

Lighter explosion
I grabbed a bag of trash to take outside to the can. I noticed a pile of nearly empty lighters and threw them away too. I walked outside with the trash and then smoked a cigarette. After smoking the cigarette, I threw it into the trash can. Suddenly, I heard a loud explosion and saw fire from the old lighters.

The Playground
Erica's favorite place in the world was the local playground. She would meet her friend Susie there every Saturday morning. One morning she got there and Susie was nowhere to be found. She found someone else to play with but worried about Susie. Susie showed up an hour later and the three of them played together.

Blind Date
Tonya's best friend set her up on a blind date. Tonya met her date, Ben, at the local Italian restaurant. At first, Tonya was very shy. After Ben told a few jokes, Tonya became more comfortable. Following dinner, the two exchanged phone numbers and kissed goodbye.

The rollercoaster
I was going to ride my first rollercoaster. I was so afraid to go upside down. When it began I closed my eyes. After the first drop I really began to enjoy it. I will definitely ride more rollercoasters in the future.

Late Night
Earl considered himself a night owl. He could never go to sleep at a proper time. He tried all sorts of methods. None of them worked. Eventually he got a night job instead.

Memories That'll Last Forever
Alex didn't want to eat the bagged lunch her mom had made her. She traded it for a classmate's take out from a Mexican restaurant. Her stomach began revolting before she'd even finished the third taco. She projectile vomited over the entire cafeteria. From then on, the kids nick named her Patty Puke.

Eli Plants a garden
Eli had been thinking about planting a garden. He hoped that he would be able to manage the work. He dug a small plot by the side of his house, and put the seeds in. After much watering and weeding, the seeds started sprouting. He realized that the work was worth it and was quite pleased.

Moving Out
My dad hasn't been able to find work for months. I love where we live. They say we may have to move soon. I started packing early just in case. Today I found out it was a good thing I did.

Skydive
Jim went skydiving for the first time. In the middle of the fall the leader fell unconscious. With little training Jim pulled the parachute hoping it would work. The jolt knocked the leader awake. He steered the parachute down safely and gave Jim a refund.

The Storm
Charles hated being homeless. It was hard to sleep in his car plus the police always woke him up. After class earlier today, he went to his car with no place to go. In the evening Charles got drunk and a storm started. While Charles watched the lightning, a cop showed up.

Jessica's Pierced Ears
Jessica wanted to get her ears pierced, but her parents said no. Jessica decided to try to pierce her ears herself. She ended up with a bad infection in her earlobes. Jessica realized she should have listened to her parents. She would never try something like that again!

Garbage Day
John forgot to take the garbage out two weeks in a row. The garbage piled up on the side of the house. The neighbors called the police to complain about the garbage. The police came and talked to John. John had to remove the garbage and pay a fine.

Judy's new hairdo
Judy didn't like her hair. Everyone of her girl friend said it looked nasty and damaged. Judy was too poor to get a hairdo. A  man with lots of money told Judy he would pay for her haircut. Judy gets a  new hairdo with the help of the generous man.

On set
The lead actress refused to show up. The director panicked. He caught sight of an assistant who looked just like the lead actress. The assistant played the role to perfection. The director was hailed as a genius.

Alarm Clock
It was Jimmy's first day at his new job. He set his alarm clock to wake him up early. He was so nervous that he got no sleep the night before. He got out of bed before the alarm went off. He threw the alarm clock in the trash on his way out the door.

Paint
Kelly loved to paint. Her mom suggested she enter an art contest. But Kelly didn't know if she was good enough. To please her mom, she entered the contest. And to her great surprise, she won first place!

New Jacket
Tina bought a new suede jacket. She went for a walk to show it off to all her new friends. While she was out, it started to rain. To protect her jacket, turned it inside-out. Her friends gave her odd looks when she walked by.

Going Away
I had just graduated from university. I was offered a job in a different state. I accepted but I was sad that I would have to leave my friends. I cried when I had to say goodbye to all of them. I learned that saying goodbye will never be easy.

Samantha Finds Treasure
Samantha had recently acquired a wooden dresser from an auction. She wanted to repaint it to put in her room. She sanded the dresser and then found a secret compartment. Inside the secret compartment was a $100 bill. She was elated and used the money to buy dinner for her family.

Date night
My wife and I had a date night. We managed to get a babysitter. We went out to eat and to a movie. We took a short walk in the moonlight. It was a fun night.

Installing the Motherboard
After installing a processor, Bob needed to work on the motherboard. Bob screwed the motherboard into place in his computer case. He made sure all the screws were nice and tight. Then, he plugged the motherboard into the case fans. Now, Bob's motherboard was installed very nicely.

Antique Shopping
Amanda loves to go antique shopping. Amanda turned her hobby of antique shopping into a business. Amanda goes to garage sales and purchases items for her store. Amanda has a small antique shop where she sells the items. Amanda is loving the benefits of being a professional antique shopper.

My New Pet
The doctor diagnosed Gemma with GAD. Her panic attacks made her life difficult. She went to the ASPCA to get a pet. After not finding any suitable pets, she walked home. On her way home, she found an adorable stray and adopted it.

Pay Raise
Martin worked at a law firm for regular wages. He always put effort into his work. He never showed up late to work either. Martin decided to ask his boss for a pay raise. His boss gladly agreed and gave Martin his well deserved raise.

The Shady Move
Charles hated the house he lived in and the people living in it. His landlord made him move out his room and into the den. His landlord's wife's father took over Charles' bedroom. Charles couldn't find his social security card and didn't start work. Later he found his social security card in his old bedroom.

Saving
Ky really wanted a new bike. He decided to take a part-time job after school hours. He delivered papers for four weeks. He saved every cent he earned. Finally, he was able to buy a great new bike!

Dancing it Out
Last year I was really full of energy after class one day. I walked by the gym on my way to the bus. For some reason I decided to run around dancing. It was fun until I noticed a crowd watching. They thought it was funny and we all laughed together.

The bad word.
Alex used a profanity at school one day. When he got home, his mom was really mad at him. She told him to go to the kitchen. Then, she made him open his mouth and swallow soap. Alex hated it, and learned not to use those words again.

Writing Stories
Nate started to write stories for ROC-NLP-Research. He wrote a ton of stories and then started to run out of ideas. Then, he realized he could write about himself. He started writing about how he was writing stories. Then, Nate realized he had created a paradox!

Ice Cream
Maria loved ice cream. She ate a big bowl every day. One day, she realized she had put on some weight. Maria knew it was from the ice cream she had been eating. She decided to limit herself to just one bowl of it a week.

Popcorn Disaster
Joe's parents went out, leaving him home alone. He was going to watch his favorite movie. He put a pot of oil and popcorn kernels on the stove. It popped and popped and popped all over the floor! He made sure to clean up the mess before his parents got home.

Comic-a-Day
I have run a successful webcomic for a couple of Years now. It's not very profitable. I've decided to make a comic-a-day desk calendar to sell. Writing 365 new comics is taking months. In the meantime the traffic to my webcomics dried up.

Lost Keys
Morty got into his car, ready to run some errands. He searched through his pockets for keys, but couldn't find anything. He went back into the house and searched all over. He couldn't find them and walked back out to his car to call a smith. He let out a sigh of relief as he noticed the keys were in the door.

Cheesecake
Enrique was invited to a party. It was a potluck party, so he was expected to bring something. Enrique asked his mother for her cheesecake recipe. Enrique made his mother's famous cheesecake. Everyone at the party loved it.

Punishment
Gina had to go the principal's office. Her teacher had told her to go right away. The whole class was staring at her as the teacher spoke to her. Gina was embarrassed that everyone knew she was in trouble. Gina decided to stay at her desk, and refuse to go.

The free tee-shirt.
Sam was at a concert. He saw a fun raffle for a band tee-shirt. He decided to put his name in the bowl. Later they drew for the winner. Sam won one of the free shirts!

Freda Goes Running
Freda wakes up early but decides to let her family sleep in. She puts on her running shoes and jogs around the block. Freda loves the feeling of a solo run in the early morning. She returns home and her family is still sleeping. Freda feels happy she got up but allowed them to rest.

The Programmer
Todd wanted to become a programmer. He didn't have a lot of money to go back to school. So, Todd spent months teaching himself how to code. He eventually created a phone application. It became popular and Todd now has some passive income.

Fishing
I went to the lake to go fishing. I climbed into a boat and rowed out to the middle of the lake. I threw my lure into the lake and waited to catch a fish. I saw a tug on my fishing line. I reeled in a big fish.

Honeymoon
My wife and I were suppose to go on our honeymoon. When we got to the airport our flight had been cancelled. We were extremely upset. The airline offered us a better and longer trip for free. That made things better for me and my wife.

Motorcycle Lessons
Daniel didn't know how to ride a motorcycle. He signed up for motorcycle lessons before he bought one. The instructors taught him the basics of riding. Daniel bought a motorcycle to pass the riding exam with. Daniel passed with flying colors and now enjoys riding his motorcycle.

Long Cast
A fisherman was having no luck in one part of the lake. He reeled in his line and put on more bait. He pulled back his rod and gave a mighty throw. The lure sailed far away from the boat. It landed with a splash and the fisherman waited.

To the Headstrong Horse
Daniel decided to take To the Headstrong horse for a walk. On the walk, two men in a truck drove by nearly hitting the horse. Teo did not like this and he put his ears back. The men thought it was funny and tried to do it again. As the truck neared, Teo took the man's sleeve and chewed it!

A Birthday Bike
Jill wanted a hot pink bicycle for her seventh birthday. She told her parents but they acted like they weren't getting it. So when it was time to open presents she didn't expect to get a bike. She was so surprised when her father rolled a bike into the room. It was the exact one she wanted, with a big yellow bow on it.

The Surprise
A couple wanted to surprise their three children. They had decided to give the kids a puppy. They told them to sit on the floor and close their eyes. They brought the puppy in and set him in front of them. The children were overjoyed.

Canoeing
Mike woke up and saw it was a nice sunny day. He took his time eating breakfast and deciding what he wanted to do. He figured it would be a great day to go canoeing. He hitched up his canoe and drove to the dock. He got in the canoe and had a great day exploring.

Cat
Tara was a nice woman. She did feel slightly lonely at times. Her friend suggested she get a pet She bought a cat. She became very happy to have cat at home with her every day.

Major Mix Up
I had just turned in my test. I knew I made an A. I could not wait for the grades to be posted. I got home and checked my score. The teacher had used the wrong key and gave me an F.

Rough Drive
I was driving Rebecca home from the movies. I began my approach to a stop light. I noticed the light switch from green to red, with no yellow. Caught in the intersection, we got sideswiped. I was relieved to find Rebecca and I were totally unharmed.

Half
Tom always had to share his food. He always had to give his brother half. Tom was mad at this. One day at school Tom forgot his lunch. He was happy when his brother shared half his lunch.

Abiding
Sam wanted to go to a party. Her parents wouldn't let her. She decided to go anyways. She ended up getting caught. Her parents punished her for not abiding by the rules.

Boating
The Smith family had always loved boating. They regularly rented speedboats for a day out on the water. Eventually, they decided to take the plunge and get their own boat. After saving for months, the Smiths were able to buy their boat. They couldn't wait to take it out on the water for the first time!

don't use bleach
i got a stain on my blue shirt. someone told me that bleach takes out stains. i used the bleach to try to get the stains out. bleach also takes color out of clothes. my blue shirt looks horrible now.

Country Cousin
Jill was embarrassed of her country cousin. She didn't want to bring her cousin around her school friends. One day, some girls came over while Jill's cousin was visiting. Jill reluctantly let them in and introduced her cousin. Soon, the girls were listening raptly to the cousin's tales.

Summer Vacation
When I was younger my family and I would go on summer vacations. We would always go the Branson, MO. During one summer we stopped going because of money. It has been 4 years now and we have not gone back to Branson. Now every time summer comes around I become sad.

Mountain Weather
I just moved to the mountains. The elevation can change dramatically one mile to the next. Once it snowed two feet when I had to go to work. I got in the truck and made it to work. By the time I got to work, there was no snow to be seen!

The Ex
Drew just broke up with his girlfriend. He felt bad but he just wasn't in love anymore. He wanted to take some time and focus on his job. After a month Drew realized he was very lonely. He called his ex and now they are together again.

Mother Daughter Differences
Sherry and her oldest daughter don't often see things eye to eye. They both approach life from very different perspectives. Sherry is very practical and businesslike in her relationships. Lynn is more relaxed and way less structured than her mom. It's hard to image two people who are more different.

The stolen bike.
Micah was at work. His bike was chained up out back. When he went to ride his bike home, it was gone. He checked the tapes and saw that it had been stolen. He was never able to find it.

Time
Gina and her old friends had been silent for the last part of the day. Gina wished for nothing more than to go home. She watched the clock as the second hand ticked. Time had never moved more slowly than now. But there was nothing Gina could do but keep calm, and be patient.

Hair
Chad wanted to get a haircut. He went to the local barbershop. He wanted a specific hair style and he told it to the barber. The barber then cut all of his hair off. Chad was very angry but had to pay.

Watering the Lawn
Jim needed to water his lawn. So he got dressed and went outside. Just as he started to get the hose, he heard thunder. Rain started to pour. Jim was glad he didn't need to water his lawn anymore.

Study Time
Jake had a fast approaching midterm exam. He was extremely nervous about this exam. If he failed the exam he wouldn't pass his class. Jake studied every night for three hours. He passed the exam and class with a high grade.

New Names
A couple was having a baby in two months. They were trying to find a new name to give the child. The mother took out a dictionary and began to find new names. She thought that Magma had a great name to it. The father agreed that it was a great name.

Good Karma
While visiting a casino I saw a woman drop a one hundred dollar bill. I ran up to her and returned the money that she dropped. The wrinkled old woman awarded me with a measly five dollars. I unfolded my small prize and uncovered three-hundred dollars. I walked away with a big grin on my face, skipping my way to the bank.

Up up and Away
Dan was going on his very first airplane ride to New York. The attendant was nice and helped Dan to get into the right seat. Dan got very nervous when the plane was taking off. The ride was smooth and uneventful. When the plane arrived safely in New York Dan happily disembarked.

Pet Parade
Billy wanted to walk with his dog in the pet parade. When he put a leash on the dog, she tried to squirm out of it. Billy lined up with his dog still squirming on the leash. When the parade began, the pets and their owners marched. But Billy's dog turned and headed him in the opposite direction.

Jen gets a puppy
Jen was a 7 year old little girl who always wanted a pet. One evening while Jen was playing her father walks into her room. He tells Jen to go outside because he has a surprise for her. Jen walks outside and to her amazement sees a little white puppy. She rushes over to hug her new puppy that she names Spot.

Beach Trip
Jake is going to the beach with all his friends. When they arrive Jake is nervous about taking off his shirt to swim. He is a little overweight and is embarrassed. Jake noticed many overweight people without shirts on. This makes him feel more comfortable.

Look Before You Cross
Erin is on her daily morning run. She decides to run a different route this morning. She crosses an intersection without looking in both directions. A car swerves to avoid her and hits a pole. Erin feels guilty for causing an accident.

Professional Conference
I have a professional license. To keep it, I have to do continuing education. I can attend an annual meeting for that education. This year, our annual meeting is in Denver. I just bought airline tickets to Colorado.

Heavy Winds
My family got together at the park for the party. They decided to set up several tables and food outside. While my family was having fun, it started to get windy. In addition, the gust of winds knocked all of the equipment down. We spent the last hour on the beach, cleaning up.

Late For Supper
George walked over to his friend Sam's house. They played video games for 3 hours. George's mom called him and told him to get home quickly for supper. George stayed around to play one more game and then walked home. He made it home for supper but was scolded for taking so long.

Jake and the bike
Jake's son wanted to learn how to ride a bike. Jake however didn't know how to ride a bike himself. Jake secretly bought a bike and practiced at night. He was able to master how to ride a bike in a few weeks. Jake was then able to teach his son how to ride as well.

John kicks his sister
John's sister always teased him about his hair. She would say he looked like a troll doll. One day, John couldn't take the teasing anymore. When she started teasing him that day, he kicked her. She never teased him again.

Bad berries
Kelly and her friends decided to go berry picking. The girls went into the woods to start looking. They saw berries of all colors. Kelly picked up some blue ones. However to her dismay she ended up getting sick from eating them.

Carol went caroling
Carol loved to sing. She gathered a group of friends to go caroling. They all met up together and began to walk down the streets. They knocked on several doors and no one answered. Carol went home sadly, disappointed that she didn't get to sing.

Mexican Food
Lilly didn't like to try new foods. Her brother really wanted to go to a Mexican restaurant. Her family went but she was not happy. She finally decided to order a beef and cheese taco. It was delicious so she couldn't wait to go back again sometime.

The Note
Today I was practicing my trumpet for my role in the school band. I was having a very hard time playing a certain note. It took me three hours to get it down correctly. At the performance I played my part perfectly. I was very happy I played well for my solo.

Clown Shoes
There was a clown at Eddy's friend's birthday party. Eddy couldn't get over how big his feet were. He asked his mom if people had to have big feet to be clowns. She laughed at his question. She told him they wore big shoes, but they didn't have extra big feet.

Crying
Jon opened his bedroom door to find his wife crying. He tried to ask her why she was crying. She screamed at him to close the door and go away. He reluctantly obliged. It turns out that her mother had just died.

Wrong Order
Cara decided to get fast food. She used a drive through and ordered two cheeseburgers. When she got her food, she noticed it wasn't what she ordered. Cara found a salad, parfait, and chicken wrap. But she thought it would be a good idea to eat healthier food.

Late getting home.
Jerry was in the theater club. One night after rehearsal, the kids decided to go out to eat. Jerry ended up arriving home late. When he came inside, his parents were angry. They grounded him for a week.

Poor Al
Al loved eating Pastrami at the deli. He ate from the same place everyday for decades. One day Al suffered a heart attack. His doctor told him his diet had to change. Al no long visits his beloved deli.

Football
Tom thought that football looked fun. He decided to go to the store and purchase a brand new one. On his way to the store he found a group of people playing football. They invited him to play, so he joined them. He had tons of fun, and made a bunch of new friends.

Santa
Dan got a job as a Santa at a local event. He was a thin man but they assured him he be fine once padded. Dan put on the costume and went to meet the kids. Dan put the padding on wrong and his stomach fell on the floor. The kids all gasped and some cried as Dan ran out of the room.

T-Bar
Tom was skiing for the first time. He was going very well staying up on his skis. So he was allowed to take the T-bar up to one of the small hills. He was afraid he wouldn't be able to get off when it reached the top. He was a little shaky, but he got off the t-bar without falling.

Piano
Ben was taking piano lessons. He liked the piano, however his teacher was very tough. The teacher would put high demands on him, and had a short temper. After a while Ben realized that he wasn't enjoying his piano lessons. So, Ben decided to quit taking piano lessons.

batman
We were joking around trying to talk like Batman. But then Jen ordered a pizza and put it under Batman. So when we went to get it we got the weirdest looks. I went to the counter and asked for a pizza for batman. Based on their response I should have said Bruce Wayne.

Roller coaster fright
Yesterday I went on my very first roller coaster. I was excited to go on but also nervous. As soon as we took off I screamed as loud as I could. We tossed and turned and I felt sick. Thankfully the ride was over quickly.

Pizza
Tory wanted pizza for dinner. She decided to make it herself. She got all of the ingredients together and set to work. Then, she put the pizza in the oven. The pizza came out great.

Overbooked
George was traveling to the United Kingdom. He had to take an early morning flight. When he got to the terminal, the flight was overbooked. He ended up being refunded. However, his trip shrunk by a whole day.

An Excellent Adventure
Bill & Ted walk into a phone booth. Neither Bill nor Ted has any money. Thankfully, Bill finds two quarters on top of the machine. Bill puts the quarters in and calls Ted's mom. Ted's mom comes to pick them up to go home.

Christmas Cranks
Murphy loved to decorate for Christmas. The neighborhood thought he put up too many decorations. This year Murphy decided to put up fewer decorations. He did not put up the life sized reindeer sleigh. The neighbors were very grateful.

Schwan's
Lucy went with her grandma to get the mail at the road. There was a Schwan's catalog in the box. Lucy couldn't believe all the delicious looking meals in the catalog. Her grandma let her choose 3 meals to order. Lucy felt like an adult as she chose the 3 meals.

chest pains
Ant was having chest pains. She was very scared. She called the ambulance to take her to the hospital. They doctors scanned Ant and tested her. They told she had benign pains called angina.

The big game
Tom wanted to lead his team to victory in the basketball game. He asked his coach what he should do to improve his performance. His coach gave him some pointers on handling stress during games. Tom noticed a remarkable difference in his gameplay during the game. His team won and he felt satisfied with his performance.

First ear piercing
Kelly decided to get her ears pierced. When she got to the parlor she was nervous. She was afraid it would hurt. When the woman pierced it, it actually didn't hurt. Kelly realized it was worth it.

Samantha Helps Her Mom
Samantha was helping her mom put up Christmas ornaments. All of a sudden, she dropped an ornament. The ornament shattered all over the ground. Samantha had to clean up the mess afterwards. She was able to help her mother finish the job after.

Bath mishap
I felt tired after work and decided to take a bath. I went to the bathroom and turned on the bath water. I began to take my clothes off and get into the bath. When I stuck my toes in the water, I was burned on accident. I lowered the temperature of the water and went back into the tub.

Pen Thief
A man at an office believed that co-worker was stealing his pens. To catch him he rigged his pens to an alarm. One day the alarm went off and he raced to his desk. The thief was apologetic but also quite confused. The man wanted the thief fired but everyone though the man overrated.

Hector Climbs a Tree
Hector was always the least adventurous of his friends. While his friends were off riding bikes, Hector would stay home. One day Hector decided to change his ways. He went out with his friends and climbed to the top of a tree. From that day forward, Hector began his adventurous lifestyle.

Finding Pottery
One Saturday, Sue went for a walk in the arroyo. She set out in mid morning and walked south. Sue became tired and rested on a slab of sandstone. Sitting there, Sue saw small cave. In the cave she found beautiful old clay pots covered with dust.

Don't Leave Valuables in the Car
Eddie parked on the street to run into a coffee shop. He had his laptop in the passenger's seat. He would only be gone for a minute so he wasn't worried. When he came out of the shop he saw the side window was broken. His laptop had been stolen.

Save the Holiday
George wanted to take his family to his mother's for the holidays. It was unfortunate that a snowstorm closed all travel though. George decided to make the best of the situation. He pulled out some board games to play with the kids. The family enjoyed the holidays with each other.

Bob Oversleeps
Bob really hated Mondays. He always had a hard time getting out of bed. Today he decided to put his alarm on snooze. He ended up oversleeping. Bob arrived at work an hour late.

Flower Shop
Tom was looking for a flower for his girlfriend today. He took a trip to the nearby florist to take a look. The moment Tom walked into the store, he saw the flower he wanted. The flower was bright red and absolutely perfect. Tom walked out of the store with the pretty flower in hand.

Gaming for Hours
Todd was playing computer games all day. He was starting to get tired but he also wanted to continue playing. He played throughout the night. He finally fell asleep in his couch. He woke up late the next day and missed work.

The Toy
Greg wanted to get his daughter the new robot doll for her birthday. He had to get an extra job so he could afford it. After extensive overtime and working exhaustively, he bought it. When his daughter opened the box, she cried. It was the wrong doll!

The Sneak
Joe went to the movie theater to see the new movie. The line was long and Joe feared he wouldn't get in. He stepped out of line and snuck into the theater. He seemed so confident that no one stopped him. Joe casually walked into the movie and gave a sigh.

Gum
Frank decided to get some gum. He went to the store. There was a giant gum display. He picked out a pack he liked. Frank paid for the gum.

Doug is Tired
Doug was feeling tired. He slept really late last night. It was 7 AM and he had to get to work. He used his gift card at Starbucks on his way to work. He felt energized by the time he arrived.

The Vacation
The family decided to go on vacation. They went to Branson. They visited the amusement park and the aquarium. The trip was a blast. The family was sad when they had to leave.

Working Man
Luis wanted to make money when he grew up. He knew he could follow orders and plans. He decided to work on power lines. He studied hard and went to college. Now he has a good paying job and a nice family.

Fast Lunch
Kate didn't have much time for lunch. She decided to get fast food. She went through the drive through. A lot of other people were thinking the same thing. She wound up not having enough time to eat.

Car Fire
Harry and his friends brought their cars to a park one night. They decided to drink alcohol and then drive recklessly. Harry was driving very fast and then his car began to swerve. The car flipped over a few times and then burst into flames. Harry escaped from the car and they all called 911.

Brian Saves the Cat
My husband and I got an opportunity to go to Hawaii for five months. Sadly we could not take our elderly cat with us because of quarantine. Greg reluctantly agreed to take care of her despite allergies. Out of the blue, Greg told us he was going to take her to the pound. Brian, also allergic, saved the day by rescuing our kitty.

Tom Goes Skiing
In a small town in Idaho, Tom wanted to have fun during the winter. His parents suggested he go skiing. He grabbed his snow clothes and called up his friends to go up. He and his friends make it up to the mountain! They spend the entire day having fun skiing in the snow.

Babies
Renee has a baby. One day, Courtney asked to hold the baby. Courtney did not know how to hold Renee's baby. Renee showed her how to hold the baby. Courtney was happy to learn how to hold a baby.

Dirty Tile
Abe noticed the tiles in the kitchen were dirty. He got out cleaning materials and set about using them. After a couple of hours, he finally finished scrubbing the kitchen. Abe looked on proudly at the now shining linoleum tiles. Abe put away all the cleaning items and enjoyed his clean kitchen.

Free Life
Robert was a successful banker with lots of money. He always yearned for freedom that money didn't give him. He decided it was time to make a change. He sold all his belonging and went off to the desert. He joined a group of nomads there and lived his new life.

Birthday surprise
Jack wanted to do something special for his birthday. He called his best friend Tobias, and invited him to go to a party. They went that evening, but Tobias had planned a surprise for Jack. When they arrived all of Jack's friends were there to celebrate him! Jack was so touched that he gave Tobias a big hug.

Desire
Rachel desperately wanted cake. She checked the cupboards, which were empty. She decided to go to the shop and buy some cake. The shop had no cake in stock. To this day, Rachel wants that cake.

The Texas Tornado.
I was staying at my Grampa's house in Texas. We heard a news alert that there was a tornado in our area. Grampa and I went in the hallway to take cover. We heard the tornado tearing everything up outside. When tornado finally passed we looked outside to see all the damage/

Pasta
Tanya always wanted to cook like her mom. She bought countless cookbooks. She would go to cooking classes. She finally got the nerve to have her parents for dinner. At the end, her mom said it was the best sauce ever!

Toys
Sally bought a new toy for her daughter. She was very excited to give it to her for her birthday. Sally's daughter unwrapped the toy at her party. The toy would not turn on and was broken. Sally's daughter was very sad.

Playing in the Rain
One day it was raining and Sam wanted to go out and play. His mother told him not to, warning him that he would catch a cold. Sam went to play in the rain anyways and had lots of fun in the rain. When Sam came back he was all wet from the rain. The next day Sam had a cold, he resolved to listen to his mother more.

That Bad Fox
A farmer went to his chicken coop to collect eggs. He noticed that there were a few chickens missing. He concluded that a fox must have taken them away. The farmer installed a fence around the chicken coop to stop the fox. The chickens were no longer in danger of the fox.

Jason's soup
Jason went to a soup kitchen to get some food. On his way in, a group of protestors got in his way. They want the soup kitchen to serve more culturally diverse people. Jason doesn't care too much, as he's hungry and cold. After eating, Jason realized the kitchen does need more cultural.

Problems
Ben and Pam have been arguing a lot lately. They are very unhappy together. They decide to go to marriage counseling. The couple attend counseling every week for the next 2 years. Ben and Pam are a lot happier and are still married.

Stuck Elevator
Ron always used the elevator at work. One morning, he decided to go in the elevator. But it became stuck for 20 minutes. Afterwards, Ron was too scared to use elevators. He always used to stairs at work from then on.

Roller Coasters
Stephanie went to Six Flags for the first time. She had never been on a roller coaster before. Her friend told her she would ride with her to encourage her. They got on the roller coaster and waited for it to start. When it began, the girls screamed, laughed, and had a lot of fun!

New Italian restaurant
Last night my family and I decided to go to the new Italian restaurant As we sat down we were not greeted with good service. We waited for over twenty minutes to see a waitress. When we finally got our food, it was not good at all. At least we had a coupon but we won't be back.

Brunch with Bobby
Lisa was excited to go to brunch with Bobby. Bobby was one her best friends. She absolutely loved going to their favorite restaurant. The two of them ordered waffles. It was great for them to catch up.

Beware of Puddles
Megan was waiting at the bus stop to go to school. It was raining and she was wearing her boots and raincoat. Suddenly, a car sped by and went through a puddle. The water splashed so high and even soaked Megan on the sidewalk. The bus showed up and she had to go to school all wet.

A Ghostly Tale
A man at a party lied and told everyone he saw a ghost that night. Some people believed him and began to get scared and hysterical. Those that didn't believe him told him to leave the party. He left but came back later making ghost sounds outside. Even the skeptics began to get very freaked out.

Pick A Puppy
The Smith family decided to finally get a puppy. They went to the pound with the children to pick one out. There were two little brown puppies playing together. The workers told them they were best friends. So instead of one puppy, they took home two.

Surprise party
Eric and Jeff are best friends. Jeff's birthday was coming soon. Eric wanted to give Jeff a surprise birthday party. Eric secretly invited Jeff's close friends and family. Jeff was so surprised by the party that he teared up.

Father's Day
Phil wanted to take his dad fishing on Father's Day. They packed all of their tackle up and left the house. Phil's dad remembered taking his father fishing once. Despite being on the lake for hours, they managed to catch nothing. Phil was glad he got to spend the day with his dad, fish or no fish.

Something green.
Dylan was out for lunch with his family. Inside the restaurant, he realized that it was St Patrick's Day. The place was offering a free sandwich to anyone in green. Dylan tried to find something green on himself, but couldn't. Then he remembered that he had green shoelaces, and got his sandwich.

Biking accident
Jeremy loved to ride his bicycle. He went for a ride. The road was slippery. Jeremy fell hard on the ground. He was thankfully cushioned by the grass and suffered no injuries.

Bad weather
Sally had planned to go for a run. The weather said it was going to be sunny. She got home and changed into her workout clothes. As she got onto the running trails, the bottom fell out. Sally now plans for the unexpected.

Bake sale
Kelsi got her friends together for a bake sale. The girls planned on making a bunch of delicious cookies. When the girls were done baking, they set up shop outside. They started getting numerous customers. At the end of the day, the girls made a hundred dollars.

Craig Buys New Cleats
Craig is starting to outgrow his soccer cleats. He decides to go shopping for a slightly bigger pair. Craig finds a pair of bright blue cleats that fit him perfectly. Although they are expensive, Craig decides to buy them. Now that he has new cleats he feels ready for the upcoming season.

The Bar
Valerie was going through a breakup. So she decided to go to a bar with her friends to cheer up. At the bar, men were trying to talk to her the whole time. However, Valerie had no interest in them. This made her missed her ex-boyfriend even more.

Oh Possum baby
I used to go on daily walks at night. I'd always been warned of opossum that carry rabies. One night, I noticed a baby opossum trying to keep up with my pace. I melted and verbally said hi to the baby. He followed for as long as he could, changing my preconceived notion.

Night Light's
Josh and Brent are playing by the lake outside the family cabin. Josh notices tiny lights moving around near a tree. Josh and Brent run over to the tree to take a look. Brent notices that the light is coming from a firefly. They catch one and run back home to show their parents.

Allison's Shopping Trip
Allison really wanted a My Little Doggie Brownie Cake doll. She only received wool socks for Christmas though. She asked her Dad to take her to the after Christmas sales. At the fifth Walmart store, she finally found the doll. She held the doll tight, until they made it to check-out.

The Overprotective Parents
Lee's parents were overprotective. They finally allowed Lee to go to a concert with her friends. But they warned her to wear ear plugs so as to not damage her hearing. Lee was worried they would find out if she disregarded their advice. Bitter, Lee wore her ear plugs, even though the concert was not loud.

Sport Writer
Jeff wanted to be a sports writer when he grew up. He was in high school and he got a job at the local newspaper. He would go to high school football games and write about them. After the game he would drive to his job and turn in his article. He hoped that this would be good practice for a career one day.

Tennis
Rachel wanted to play tennis. She had never played before. She decided to take lessons. She got better. She finally joined a team.

Exhausted
Gina was very tired. She had not slept well in days. Gina decided to leave work to sleep. When she got home she laid down. Gina had never slept so well.

Disney Scare
Peter never liked intense rides. His friend talked him into riding Space Mountain. He didn't know what to expect on the ride since it was indoors. He screamed the whole time on the dark roller coaster. Peter never wanted to ride a roller coaster again.

Tina's Markers
Tina bought colored art markers for her students. She had hoped they would take great care of them. However, Tina's markers ended up dried out in a short time. Tina scolded her students for mistreating supplies. Tina began thinking about how to help them respect supplies next time.

No Money
Kane had no money. Kane wanted money. Kane decided to work hard and get a job. Kane got a job as a waiter. Kane finally had money!

Randall Is Stung
Randall has never liked being outside in nature. However, his mother encourages him to get out of the house. Randall decides to visit a nearby forest. Randall is stung by a bee at the forest. He decides that he was right to dislike being outside.

Snatch
Gina had new Lisa Frank pencils. A boy named Dave took her pencil and refused to give it back. He refused even when the teacher insisted he return it to Gina. Gina attempted to snatch the pencil from him. He took the pencil and ran across the classroom.

Unpredictable
Lana called me to hang out. When we were walking together, I noticed that she was silent. I told her if there is anything that's bothering her. She told me that she had strong feelings for me. Considering that we're good friend, I decided to ask her out.

Monsters Under Bed
It was night time in the Hastings house, and time for bed. The youngest did not want to go to bed. He was afraid of monsters being under his bed. His mother came into his room and checked under his bed. There were no monsters under the bed!

Name Practice
It was almost time for Briana to start school. In order for her to get into Kindergarten she had to pass a test. Briana could do everything but spell her name. Her parents practiced with her everyday. Briana learned how to write her name in time to enter Kindergarten.

Loan Shark
I needed a new car. I couldn't afford one. The bank would not give me a loan. I decided to use a loan shark. I was able to buy a car with the loan shark's help!

Halloween party
Last Halloween my friends and I decided to throw a party. We invited everyone we knew and dressed up. I dressed up as Michael Jackson. We had a great time. I can't wait to have another one.

New neighbor
Alicia was excited to get a new neighbor. She immediately went over to say hi. She thought that the girl would be her age. Yet to her dismay, the girl was an adult. Alicia was disappointed.

Jimmy Rides A Horse
Jimmy wanted to learn how to ride a horse. He decided to take riding lessons nearby. At first, Jimmy fell down from his horse a lot. He eventually learned how to ride after practicing for weeks. Jimmy started to compete in riding competitions afterwards.

Bodybuilding
Jon decided to become a bodybuilder. At first, he refused to use steroids. Alas, he couldn't get big enough. He decided to use steroids. The bodybuilding committee found out and barred him.

Enroll
Gina decided to go to a different high school. She was already enrolled in one. She needed to go to the new one to enroll. Her mother stayed for the first 30 minutes. From there the Gina completed the enrollment alone.

Runner
I've always wanted to be able to run five miles at one time. Currently I can only run about three. I worked hard for months, slowly increase the distance I would run. I ate healthy and got plenty of rest too. A few months later I was running well over five miles at once!

The mall
The city wanted to build a mall. However they did not have the money. They decided to take donations. Someone donated 2 million dollars. When the mall was done it was so beautiful.

Lost Passport
Dan was about to travel to meet his parents this weekend. As Dan was packing, Dan realized he was missing his passport. Dan searched his entire apartment for the passport. Dan realized that his passport was lost. Dan was upset that he could not find his passport anywhere.

The School Musical
Annie really wanted to get the lead in the school musical. She knew that she would have to prepare very well for the audition. She enlisted the help of a vocal coach to learn the music. She spent a lot of time practicing her singing and acting. She did a great job at the audition and won the lead role.

Sleep
I couldn't fall asleep. I lied in bed for hours with no success. I decided to take some nighttime cough medicine. The cough medicine made me sleepy. I finally went to sleep.

Late!
Sam woke up suddenly. He looked at his clock and saw it was 11:30am! He jumped out of bed and put on his school uniform. He brushed his teeth and hair. And then he remembered it was Saturday.

Spilled Coffee
Jake sat at the table reading the paper. He decided he wanted to get a bagel as well. He got up from the table and bumped the table leg. The table shook and his coffee spilled. David was sad that he spilled his coffee.

Putting plants in the garden
I wanted to have a garden in my backyard. I bought some pre grown pepper plants. I put them in the garden and planted some seeds. I poured water over the soil and went inside. I was happy about the new project.

Arrowheads
Jo loved to hunt for arrowheads. His friend Mike suggested they go to look for them in the woods. The two boys spent all day searching all over the woods. By nightfall, they had found so many arrowheads. Jo was very grateful that Mike invited him.

Unrealistic Expectations
Harry went on a date with Jan. They went to the movies to watch the latest thriller. The movie ended and Jan asked Harry to go steady. Since this was their first date, Harry declined. Jan went home sad, learning a lesson in dating.

Chickens
Last year we decided to get chickens. We got them as chicks and I raised them. They are so cute as chicks, but so messy! I handled them multiple times a day. Now the chickens come up to us for head-pets!

cash
Anne needed some extra cash. She went around her neighborhood collecting bottles. She put them in a big bag. Then she turned them in. Anne made ten extra dollars that way!

Kat's day
It was lunch time and Kat was hungry. She went to the cafeteria with her co-workers. When they got their they saw that the place was closed! They ended up having to go outside for lunch. Kat and her coworkers enjoyed a nice lunch outside.

The delivery
It was the day Amy's new furniture was being delivered. She was told the furniture would arrive by noon. Amy waited, but no one arrived. She called the furniture store to ask when it would arrive. Just then the truck pulled up with the furniture.

Trip to Sephora
Kelly couldn't wait to go to Sephora for the first time to buy makeup. The moment she walked into the store she was in total awe. The entire store was filled with hundreds of makeup brands and perfume Kelly picked up nearly everything she could get her hands on. By the time she left the store, Kelly had about 12 different bags full

First roller coaster
Yesterday I went on my first coaster. I was very nervous. I sat in the ride and shut my eyes. When we took off I screamed at the top of my lungs. I was terrified.

Get In Trouble
Kim had taken down her hair. Her mother had warned her to leave her hair alone. When her mom saw she was very angry. Kim knew she was in trouble. Kim was sent to her room without dessert.

His House
Amy and Beth decided to go for a walk. They ended up on the block Amy's crush Ray lived on. Beth suggested they walk past the block. Amy decided she wanted to walk down the block. Amy walked passed hoping to see her crush.

After school Fun
After the bell rung, My friends decided to go into room 432. The room had several people that greeted us. We kindly responded and they took us to the supervisor. He gave us a box of goods to sell, such as candy and drinks. We were able to raise $20-30 dollars for the day.

Excuses
Evelyn did not want to go to Tiffany's party. She decided to tell Tiffany that her baby was sick. Later Tiffany saw photos of Evelyn and her baby on social media. She knew Evelyn's baby was not sick. Tiffany was very upset about being lied to.

Building a hammer
I saw a video tutorial to make a hammer. I had the materials and chose to make one. I saw down with my tools and put everything together. When I was done, I had a great looking hammer. I decided to put decorations on it to make it look fancy.

The dog
Michael knew that he wanted the dog and asked his mom. She agreed to let him get a dog if you took care of it. That weekend they went to the pet store and found the perfect puppy. They brought the puppy home and everyone loved it. Michael was so happy that he had a furry friend at home.

Trampoline Park
Emma loved jumping on trampolines. She and her friends decided to go to a trampoline park. They got in the car and arrived at the place. The girls jumped for hours but Emma skinned her knee. Luckily first aid was available to help her.

Cover up tattoo
Rena had a tattoo she didn't like. She made an appointment to get the tattoo covered up. She showed the artist the new tattoo she wanted to cover the old one. The tattoo artist immediately began working on the tattoo. One hour later,the new cover up tattoo was finished over the old one.

The Move
We lived in a really small town for several years. After our children started school, we saw we had to move. We decided to move to a larger city. It took us two months to find a house. We moved into it in one day.

The Gift Shop
At the hotel gift shop, Sue Ann bought five gifts. She bought a mug, a purse, and a stuffed animal for her family members She bought a magnet and a travel book for her friends. She paid for the items and went to her room. She packed the items securely in her bag and went to sleep.

Rock Concert
I left at 3:00 for the rock concert. I got there at 4 and had to stand in line. While standing in line for 3 hours I saw someone pass out behind me. The ambulance came and took them away. Finally got into the show about 30 minutes later.

Oasis Occupied
Gina woke up late one summer afternoon. She wanted to go to the garage and hang out alone. But her father and his friends beat her to it. They were playing cards, and drinking. Gina went back to her room, and went back to sleep.

Peanut butter sandwich.
Tim was in school looking for something to eat. He noticed there wasn't much. Tim decided to go ahead and eat peanut butter and jelly sandwich. However, Tim was disappointed. It turns out the sandwich was just peanut butter and nothing else.

Kindness Pays
Bill drives a bus for a living. Everyday he goes a mile out of his way to pick up Ruth from her home. Bill knows she can't drive so he doesn't mind going the extra mile. Bill's shocked when Ruth passes away and leaves him 2 million dollars. Bill realizes that a little kindness can go a long way.

Having tonsils out.
Beth had been getting a lot of sore throats. Her mom took her to the doctor and they decided to remove her tonsils. She had the procedure the next week. She was surprised that it wasn't as bad as she thought it would be. She enjoyed the relaxation and ice cream in the meantime.

Snorkeling
Louis put on his fins, mask and snorkel. He hopped off the boat into the crystal clear water. The first thing he noticed were brightly colored fish. It was beautiful under the water. When he thought he'd seen everything a big turtle floated past.

Setting a bug trap.
Henry's house was infested with gnats. He put an old banana peel into a jar. He covered the jar with plastic. Then he poked holes in the plastic. He put the trap in the kitchen to catch bugs.

The big cat sounds.
Sean and Mary were on a walk one night. Suddenly they heard some odd noises. Sean knew that the noises were from a mountain lion. They were far from the sounds but it was still scary. They hurried to get inside.

Feeling Young
Freddie was about to have his 80th birthday. Freddie wanted to do something that would make him feel young. Freddie decided that he would go sky diving. After passing all the tests, Freddie was cleared to go skydiving. Freddie was excited to go sky diving, as it made him feel young.

One Hundred Guns
Joe had to deliver one-hundred guns to the rebels in Carson. He filled up his wagon with them and covered them with a blanket. He didn't expect to be searched, so he didn't bother hiding them. When he saw the border guards, he almost ran for it. Somehow he kept his cool and made it across.

First Time
The ticket vendor allowed us to sit on the roller-coaster. Once the straps were connected on my friend's chest, he freaked out. When the roller coaster ride started, he started to shout. I tried to give him some powerful words of encouragement. However, the continued to act wild although he was fine after the ride

Bad management
Pierre wanted to go on vacation. Every week he works 60 hours. He was growing very tired. He sent a vacation request to his manager. His manager rejected the request.

Football with Friends
Brad and Jim went to their first football game. They spent a lot of money on soda and burgers. Brad went back to get a third burger, but didn't have enough money. Jim covered Brad's food and they enjoyed the rest of the game. Their favorite team won by a landslide.

Family
He hated Thanksgiving. His more successful relatives were sure to bring up his retail job. The worst was his brother with the great career. His shoulders were at his ears as his brother entered the room. His brother despairingly told the family he'd just been fired.

True Friends
I was walking home from school. This kid wanted to take my wallet and threatened me. As much as I refused, he tried to fight me. My friend stepped in and moved him out of the way. He threatened the guy to go away or else he would get hurt.

New phone
It was opening day for the new phones at Apple. I waited in line for about four hours to get my hands on one. Finally when the line went down I went inside. I got my hands on the pink phone. When I turned it on it was heaven.

Movie Night
Amelia decided to go see a movie, but she did not want to go alone. She called several of her friends to ask them to come. However, nobody could come. Finally, Nathan agreed to the go to the movies with her. They had a great time!

New Phone
Jon's phone broke, so he had to get a new one. He spent several hours driving to the nearest Apple store. When he got there, he found out what the prices of the phones were. He ended up paying, begrudgingly. In the end, he felt that it was worth it.

Golf
Abe was a great golfer. He would always get great scores. One day, Abe entered a tournament. He played really well. He ended up taking second place!

Prom
Denise had never wanted to go to her senior prom. She didn't like large gatherings, and the dress would be expensive. But her mother insisted she should go or she would regret it. Once she was there, Denise actually had fun dancing with her friends. Though she still didn't enjoy big parties, Denise was glad she went.

John's Car Accident
John loved to drive fast. One day, he was driving on an icy road. He slid off the road and hit a tree. He was okay, but his car was wrecked. John drove more carefully from then on.

Clara's Algebra
Clara was having difficulties learning algebra. She could not grasp the concept at all. Her teacher set her up with a tutor. Clara worked every day with the tutor until she did understand. She was able to ace the Algebra test.

Swooping In
Beth was in the park feeding the birds. When she was finished she put the bird seed back in her pocket. The bag seed was in had a hole in the corner and spilled on her coat. Just then a bird swooped in low as Beth watched him. The bird missed Beth, but she ran to her car anyway.

The Thread
Cam bought a new shirt and put it in the washer before she wore it. Once she cleaned and dried it, Cam wore it around. Cam noticed a string on the shirt that did not belong. She figured it must have come from something else she washed. Cam plucked the string off and threw it on the floor.

No Sleep
Tina had to do a lot of work tonight. She worked for hours on her computer. She drank coffee in order to stay awake. She was finally able to finish her work at 4 am. She laid in bed awake all night because of the caffeine she drank.

A Sweet Night
Shelly loved staying up late and waiting for her dad. He worked for a restaurant that sold pies and cakes. She would wait to hear the car door close. She would run to the kitchen and pour two glasses of milk. Then her dad would come in and they would have some pie.

The Circus
The circus was in town and Abbie was going. She couldn't wait to see all of the acts. She was enthralled the entire two hours. Her favorites were the animal acts, especially the elephants. The dogs jumping rope were entertaining, too.

The Mouse Gets the Cheese
Selma dropped a piece of cheese on her way to the dining room. She put her plates down on the table. Selma went back to pick up the cheese. She shrieked in terror! A mouse had already beaten her to it.

Forced to go to School
Amy had given her number to a guy who hadn't called. It was Monday and she didn't want to go to school. She couldn't bare the thought of facing him in class. She begged her mom to stay home, but she refused. Amy sulked all the way to school.

ballet class
Ana had always wanted to dance ballet. Finally she talked her mom into letting her take a class. She went to it happily, focused and determined. But the class was very difficult and not like she'd thought. Ana decided ballet was not for her, after all.

Nursing School
Tori really wanted to get into nursing school. She applied but kept getting rejected. She knew she had to work on her grades, so she retook some classes. Tori achieved high grades and reapplied to nursing school. Tori was so happy when she finally got accepted.

Missing Eyeglasses
Jack had to go to work. He could not find his glasses anywhere. He looked for twenty minutes. He decided he needed to go warm his car up and then look again. He stepped outside and heard the crunch on his glasses under his feet.

Late Delivery
Jerry ordered a new pair of shoes from an online retailer site. After a week, he contacted the company he didn't get the shoes. The company responded by sending a replacement pair. The pair ended up arriving in 2-3 weeks. He decided to give a bad rating towards the company.

Bobert
Robert left his apartment building On the way down the stairs he pass a young blond woman Robert so badly want to say something but he could not decide what. Should he say Hi I'm Bob or Hi I'm Robert Suddenly he realized she was gone and he had lost his chance.

The Buffet
Beth was going an all you can eat buffet. Her mother told her to pace herself otherwise she could get sick. Beth ate a plate of the things her mother told her to get. Then she returned for desserts. After her 5th dessert she was so sick she couldn't walk.

Taxi Surprise
Lindy hopped in the taxi to get to an appointment. She thought she recognized the driver but she wasn't sure. Then he asked her if her name was Lindy. When she heard his voice she recognized him. It was a boy she graduated high school with ten Years earlier.

Roxy the Christmas gift
I heard my mom yelling at my siblings and I to go downstairs. My sisters went downstairs first, but my mom made them wait for me. My mom gave us a Christmas bag decorated with ribbons. We then pulled what we thought was a stuffed animal. We then realized it was a real little chihuahua puppy.

New Chrome Rims
Sally just got a brand new car. She wanted to customize it. She found a set of shiny chrome rims online. She got them installed on her car the next day. Her brand new car looked amazing with its new chrome rims.

Pancakes
Kay decided to make pancakes for her family. She put all the ingredients together and got to work. Each pancake turned out light and fluffy and golden-brown. However, when she took a bite, she realized they tasted awful! She had put salt instead of sugar.

Puppy
Kerry wanted to get a new puppy. Kerry's mom said no. She asked her dad. Kerry's dad said yes. Kerry got a new puppy!

Oblivious Olga
My sister's dog Olga was laying on the couch. She jumped down to get a drink of water. When she came back my dog Max was laying in her place. She didn't even notice. She just lay down right on top of him!

Chemistry
Ed had an extra class slot in his senior schedule. He decided to take a chemistry class. He thought it would be very difficult. But he found that it was fun and challenging, not too hard. Ed was so glad he had chosen chemistry!

Siblings
My son and daughter are best friends. They do fight quite often even so. I am often tempted to get involved in the fighting. I have learned to stay out of it. I know that after each fight they always return to being best friends.

Thanksgiving plans
Dan wanted to invite his son, Ryan and his family for Thanksgiving. Dan called Ryan and his wife and asked them to bring the kids along. But Ryan had already planned a trip to Italy with the family. Ryan informed his travel plans to his father. They decided to meet for Christmas.

Charlie's Ball
Charlie loved to play catch with his dad. He decided to try out for the school baseball team. When he got to the tryouts he realized he forgot his glove. Charlie still did well even without a glove. He made the team and made sure to bring his glove to practice.

Worst Vacation
The Jones family went on vacation. On vacation, they visited a museum, a theme park, and a beach. The beach was the last place they visited. They all got a bad sunburn at the beach. They all went home tired and sore.

Sam Gets Pneumonia
Sam had a really bad cold. He had been stuck at home for days. He decided to get a check-up at the doctors. His doctor found that he had pneumonia. Sam made a full recovery at the hospital.

Sale!
Ed went to the store to buy his favorite cookies. He saw that there was another brand of cookies on sale. Ed picked up the other box and put it in his basket. He bought the cookies and took them home. Ed determined that he liked the new brand better.

hang gliding
Tim and his friends were going hang gliding. Tim was very tense and nervous. But as he jumped from the plane, his tension dissipated. He felt ease and sheer joy. Tim realized that he absolutely loved hang gliding!

Lots of Fish
Harry Henry decided to take the day of work and go fishing. He arrived at his favorite spot, only to find too many people there. He went to a new spot and was worried he would catch nothing. But each time he threw in his line he immediately caught a fish. After catching fifteen catfish, he decided to go home and clean them.

Fashion Forward
Rita decided she wanted to raise money for her favorite charity. She first tried to get people to donate money. That process wasn't successful. Finally, she opted to have a fashion show and take donations. The show was a success and she collect thousands of dollars.

Troll retreats
An internet troll always argued with everyone on the web. He was mean to everyone, and trolled constantly. One day, the people rebelled and put his phone number on the web. They also put his mom's number and address online. He was so bothered, that he retreated and never trolled again.

Harold
Harold's new puppy was very rambunctious and full of energy. This frustrated Harry because the puppy was always this way. Harold decided to take the puppy to obedience class. There didn't seem to be much of a positive difference at first. After 3 months, it was very evident that the obedience classes worked.

Small Town Jean
Jean had always wanted to leave her big city life for the countryside. Her friends told her it was just a dream. However, one day Jean met a nice boy from a small town in Vermont. That boy took her to his farm on a vacation. Upon seeing Vermont, Jean decided to leave the city and never return.

Broken Robot
The boys took their robot outside. Since it was complete, it was able to move around smoothly. A few seconds later, outside started to rain. The robot suffered from a few sparks. In the end, it ran out of battery.

Marc's Fall
Marc was playing on the stairs. He slipped and fell down, breaking his ankle. The doctor said he could not walk for one month. Marc cannot climb the stairs at his house now. His mom is letting him sleep in the living room for a month.

Bad Luck
Jeff tried to cross the street in order to get to his class. Several papers fell out of his bookbag. They landed into a puddle. He searched the puddle for the papers. Unfortunately, his homework got soaked.

Fighting for First
I was playing videogames with my brother last week. We all wanted to go first. The second controller was terrible. We decided to play Monopoly to see who would get first. We wound up playing board games all night instead.

The broken guitar.
Shawn was traveling with his guitar. He put the guitar case up in the overhead bin for the flight. Then, he arrived at his destination and went to his hotel. When he checked on his guitar, he saw that it had broken. He reported it to the airplane and they promised to pay him back.

The Rose
Josh wanted to ask out the girl in his chemistry class. He wasn't sure how to ask her out. He asked his sister who told him to give the girl a rose. Bill wrote a letter and sent it to the girl with a rose. The girl was surprised and decided to date Josh.

Chairs
Gina's room had only a bed, and a dresser. Her parents bought new living room furniture a month ago. There were 2 armchairs they had put in the garage for storage. Gina wanted to put one in her room. Her dad gave her both of them.

Grandpa's Den
Lucy's grandpa was away for the day. She always wanted to explore his Den. She crept into the den when grandma wasn't looking. She went through his desk, and its drawers. Grandma caught her in the den, but promised not to tell grandpa.

Hair Barrette
Kim's mom had done her hair. She put braids in her hair with barrettes on the ends. Her mother told her to keep her hands out of her hair. But Kim played in her hair all day long. Before she got home she realized she had lost a barrette.

Dirty Boxes
Sam's father asked him to help move boxes from the attic. Sam was reluctant to help. But he had trouble saying no. After going up and down the attic, Sam began to feel weak. When he went to bed that night, his throat felt sore.

Ann and Bill
Ann and Bill needed some adventure in their lives. They decided to go to the local park and take a hike. They arrived at the park mid morning and had brunch. Their hike was full of wonderful sights like animals and flowers. Ann and Bill had a wonderful adventure.

Dental xrays
Bob had his teeth cleaned and the dentist took pictures of his teeth. The dentist had to put salt in his mouth so he would not gag. The salt kept him from gagging but it tasted awful. The dentist determined that he needed to pull the tooth. Bob made an appointment for later in the month to remove it.

Black pants
Amy needed to do a load of laundry. She decided to put the clothes in the washer before work. She grabbed the bleach to pour into the washer. The bleach splashed back and ruined her black pants. Amy changed pants and was late to work as a result.

Cave Diving
Jon had all his spelunking gear ready. He was excited to explore the cave. The rocky tunnel was dark and damp, full of bats and bugs. Deep inside, he discovered a new species of cave-dwelling fungus! His discovery was published in biological journals worldwide.

Change you can believe in
The laundromat owners took apart every washing machine and drier. They found about $50 of spare change and 3 mismatched socks. They put the machines back together and made a new sign. The sign was to find the owners of the lost socks. The customers thought that the new sign was very funny.

Horse
Sarah loved horses a lot. She had four of her own horses. One day Sarah wanted to ride her horses. She decided to saddle the horses. After watching videos, Sarah rode her horses.

No paper delivery
Everyday I was supposed to get the newspaper delivered. For the past few weeks I got no paper. When I called the company they said they were handling it. Yet it was not resolved for months. Thankfully I was able to see it on the computer.

Lost Dog
Tracy was packing boxes preparing for her move to a new house. Her dog Cody was following her in and out of the house. All the sudden Tracey noticed Cody was missing. She called all her friends to help look. Cody was found safe and sound at the SPCA.

No Mall
Gina's friend Lisa offered to show her how to ride the bus. Gina's mom agreed, but told them not to go to the mall. They agreed not to go to the mall. However once on the bus they changed their mind. They walked around the mall for hours with no real money to spend.

The Clarinet
James loved to play his clarinet outside. One day, he forgot to bring it inside when he was done. It rained that night. James woke up in the morning and found his clarinet was ruined. He took it to a repair shop, where a man fixed it for a lot of money.

Walking to the ATM
The local grocery store did not take debit cards. I needed to find a way to pay with cash. I located an ATM across the street. I walked to it and withdrew some money. I walked back to the store and paid with cash.

the fort
Susie loved to build forts. One day she build a really big one. She had to leave with her mom for a while. When she return her fort was torn down. Susie was very sad.

Las Vegas
Bryan turned 21 over the weekend. He planned a trip with his friends to go to Las Vegas. None of them had ever been there. It took them 4 hours to drive to Las Vegas. Bryan and his friends are having a blast in Las Vegas.

easter egg hunt
Anna was at an Easter party. Soon the egg hunt was announced. She set off with the other kids, looking for eggs. She collected ten eggs in her basket. Anna won the Easter Egg Hunt!

Son's soccer game
Lucy promised to take her son to his soccer game. She got her stuff and the car and started driving. Then she realized she left her stuff at home. Lucy then turned around and had to pick him up. Lucy knew never to do that again.

Starry Skies
Jill lived in the city where the stars never seemed that bright. She went to visit her grandparents out in the country for the weekend. It was a clear night and she stepped outside to get some fresh air. She couldn't believe her eyes when she looked up. The stars were incredibly bright against the pitch black sky.

Nat's Tatts
Natalie wanted to get her first tattoo to remember her family. She picked out a reputable shop. She decided on a family crest from some old family documents. Natalie decided at the last moment not to go through with it. She decided that a tattoo was not necessary for remembering family.

To the Beach
Cam went to the beach to relax. He put out his blanket and set up his chair. In the distance a boat sailed across the sea. Cam waved at the boat and tried to see if they waved back. He squinted hard but didn't see anything.

Public transportation
Sue is unable to drive a car. Instead, she rides the bus. One day, someone on the bus sat on her. This made her very unhappy. Sue decided to carpool with her friend to work moving forward.

Famous People
Pat had always wanted to meet someone famous, so he went on a trip. He finally arrived in Los Angeles, and began to walk the city. Everyone he ran into looked famous, but he couldn't be sure. Sitting down at an outdoor cafe, he ordered a meal and looked around. At the table next to him eating was George Clooney!

Deer hunting
Josh could not wait for deer season to open. He began preparing his plots for the season. When the season opened, he went hunting every day. He had no luck the first weekend. The second weekend, he killed a huge buck.

School Clothes
Eve needed to go school clothes shopping. She had grown two inches over the summer. Her mom took her to the mall to buy new clothes. She went to three different stores to buy pants. Eve left with a new wardrobe for school.

Scrubbing the Tub
I wanted to take a hot bath last week. Unfortunately the tub was dirty. I decided to clean it and the bathroom I scrubbed everything. By the time I finished I was too tired and fell asleep.

Ice Skating Fiasco
Laura loved ice skating. She was pretty good at it. One day she decided to go to the rink with her friends. She slipped and fell. But luckily she did not truly hurt herself.

County Fair
My friends and I decided to go to the fair. One of the places we headed first was the funnel cake shop. We shared this huge piece of funnel cake. In addition, another group of people decided to meet up with us. All of us went on the new ride that was built.

The Violent Teacher
Bill was late to class one day and took a seat. His teacher began to collect homework and asked for Bill's. Bill said he forgot it, and his teacher became very angry. Bill's teacher hit Bill in the face with a ruler, causing Bill to cry. Bill went home and told his parents who became very angry.

Hot Water
My roommate used to take long showers. She would leave no hot water for me to use. I had to write her a note and leave it on the counter. The note asked her to take faster showers. Ever since that note she takes very fast showers.

Train
My husband and I boarded a train. About four hours into the journey, an announcement was made. The border had been closed and we had to get off the train. We had to find a bus to our destination instead. After hours of waiting, we finally found one.

Wet Phones
Kaitlyn's daughter threw her cell phone in the toilet. She attempted to dry it in a bag rice. Next, she took it to a repair shop to get fixed. No matter where she tried, no one was able to fix it. She opted on buying a new iPhone in the end.

The haircut
Donna went to get a haircut. She took pictures of what she wanted. The hairstylist was new. Donna left with a short bob. She was devastated and cried for a week.

Friends Night Out
My friends decided to go to Boomers. After we went through the front entrance, we played many arcade games. In addition, we went against each other in laser tag. We spent $30-40 dollars in coins. Although the arcade closed early, we had a good time.

The Figurine
It wouldn't be untrue to say that Jim was a bit obsessive. His friends constantly tried to get him to relax. He would check the locks and bolt the windows three times a night. Despite the stress, one night he forced himself not to check. The next morning, he saw that his little figurine had been moved.

The christmas tree top.
Alexis had cut down a Christmas tree in the woods. She brought it home and realized it was too tall. Instead, she set it on it's side. Then, she sawed off the bottom of the tree. When she put it up, it was the right size for her ceiling.

Missing Glasses
Jenny was baking in the kitchen with her mom. While they were baking, her mother lifted her glasses over her head. Jenny helped her mom get all of the cookies baked. Her mother then began to look all over for her glasses. After a few minutes, Jenny giggled and told her where they were.

The missing socks
I was getting ready for work one day. The last thing I needed was to put on my socks. However, I couldn't find two matching ones. I dug through my drawers looking everywhere. Finally, I had to just leave for the day is mismatched socks.

Paper Cut
I had a paper cut on my hand. I was hungry, so I went to get some pickles. The acid from the pickles burned my paper cut. It hurt so bad. Now I know to be more careful when I have a paper cut.

Card House.
Taylor was building a car house. She had been stacking cards for three hours. She only had a joker and a 2 left to put on the card house. Her brother came in and saw the cards and knocked the it all down. Taylor is now grounded for giving her brother a black eye.

Protest
America had spent years embroiled in the Vietnam War. Betty disagreed with America's participation. After seeing protests on television, Betty wanted to get involved. She was naturally timid, but believed she needed to take action. When she finally joined the protesters, she was glad to be there.

Stick and Fences
Lucy was sitting on the porch at her grandparents. She had no friends, and nothing to do. She went for a walk down the block. She picked up a stick and played drums on a fence. She decided she had better stop when the owner opened their door.

The Lemonade Stand
Timothy's kids wanted to sell lemonade to make some extra money. He helped them set up a stand out of some cardboard boxes. They made a sign on construction paper with magic markers. It was a hot day and business was good. All in all, the kids ended up making almost thirty dollars.

Gym class
Gina picked up her new class schedule. She was hoping to get into band class. Instead her schedule showed gym class. She was disappointed not to get into band. She was more disappointed to have another gym class.

Meanest Mom
Pamela and Sue live next-door to Robert. Robert is the meanest kid on the block. Pamela and Sue devised a way to get even with Robert. They rigged a bucket of cold water over his front door. Unfortunately it was Robert's mother that went through the door first.

Tomorrow Brings
John was taking his dog Chance out for a long walk. Jogging around the park, Chance kept barking at other dogs. Coming to a large fenced in area, John let Chance run around inside. Other dogs were there, and Chance ran around for hours until tired. The next day, John decided to head back so Chance could exercise.

The Purple Sweatshirt
Kumail couldn't figure out what to wear. He had chosen a blue plaid collared shirt. Picking pants to go with it was easy enough. What to wear over the shirt, though, gave him considerable trouble. Finally, he tossed on a purple sweatshirt to complete his outfit.

Postponed
Jerry studied all night for his exam. He woke up early in the morning to get to class early. He saw a paper posted in front of the class. It says that class is cancelled. Although Jerry was mad, he walked out of the building in a good mood.

Library
Greg's family did not have internet service. To do his homework, he always had to go to the library. He made lots of friends at the library. His family eventually decided to pay for service. Greg still asked to go to the library anyway to see his friends.

Tonight I'm Alone
Bill hiked a long trail by himself. Night began to fall so he looked for shelter to sleep under. He found a campsite for a large group of hikers. rainy began to fall as he set up his tent. He was alone in the tent but he felt together with nature.

Stay Calm
Gina was free to leave the principal's office. She exited the office and went into the main office. She felt the receptionist staring at her. She looked up to see her smirking. Gina held her head high, and exited the main office.

Politics
Lisa was passionate about politics. she was encouraged by a friend to run for local office. She worked hard on her campaign. Lisa was always honest with her voters. Her honesty paid off with her first run for office being a success.

Jane Rides Her Bike
Jane loved to ride her bike. He decided to go on a ride this weekend. She took her bike on top of a mountain. She rode down the steep mountain. It was great exercise for Jane.

Kassidy
Kassidy was a very mean girl. She thought it was fun to bully other girls and say mean things. When she was feeling bad about herself, she would put others down. One day, she was being exceptionally mean and her friends got mad. They decided they didn't want to be friends with Kassidy anymore.

The warm kernels.
Chase and his friend were sleeping outside in their yard. They were feeling a bit cold. Chase told his friend to wait a second. He went inside and came back with some warm bags. The bags were full of microwaved corn that kept them warm.

Giraffe
The giraffe tried to eat the leaves. The giraffe couldn't reach the leaves. He tried to get closer, but there was a fence in the way. He charged at the fence and knocked it down. The Giraffe ate all the leaves on the tree.

Moving
Stan moved a lot. He had switched school four times. He never made friends because he knew he'd leave too fast. After being in Texas for two Year's he finally made his first friend. Stan's moving to New Mexico next week.

Make up
Every girl likes to put on makeup. Every since Eva was 10 she wore lipstick. Her mom took away her lipstick one month. Eva was depressed because of it. So the Kom gave back her lipstick.

Hunter Gavin
Gavin decides to go hunting. He grabs his gear and heads to his favorite spot. He arrives in the blind and begins calling for deer. A deer approaches, and he shoots it. Gavin now has dinner and venison jerky for weeks!

Practice Fire
Ray built a small house out of cardboard boxes. He cut out holes for doors and windows. Ray set the fake house on fire. He took his garden hose and doused the flames. He felt like a real hero for putting out the fire.

Tea Party
Morgan wanted to hold a tea party. She invited all of her friends. They each brought a sweet dessert to share. The tea party went off without a hitch. Morgan is already planning her next great tea party.

S'mores by Candlelight
When a mom plans a vacation with her two girls she is really excited. The girls are far less excited to be going to a cabin in the woods. When they get there all they want to do is play on their cell phones. When the power goes out they are forced to abandon their devices. Mom lights a candle, they tell stories and bond over S'mores.

New clothes
Angel got a big bonus for all of her hard work at her job. She decided to treat herself, but wasn't sure how. She chose to go shopping. She wanted new clothes anyhow. She went online and found a few outfits she liked and bought them.

Medicine Swap
Jeff went to the pharmacy to get his medication. The front desk worker mixed some of the tablets without labeling them. She ended up giving Jeff the wrong prescription. He felt odd when he decided to take it at home. A few days later, he suffered from a minor heart stroke.

Backsliding.
Nick and his girlfriend broke up. This happened twice a month. Every time Nick's friends would try and hide his phone from him. They didn't want him to call her and get back together. But within a few days Nick would backslide right back into her arms.

The Shower
Ted was at his family's house for winter break. One day, he needed to go the bathroom so he walked down the hall. He got to the bathroom door and opened it. Suddenly, he heard a loud scream and saw his sister was in the shower. Ted quickly apologized and closed the bathroom door.

The injury
Sam got injured during football practice. He knew he was pushing himself too hard but didn't stop. His coach told him to take a break and get some water. Sam didn't listen to his coach. He won't be able to play football until he gets better.

Elephant Walk
The circus was in town! Jimmy's mom told him the circus would arrive by train. They were going to go watch the elephants walk to the arena. The street was lined with people watching. The elephants walked by in a line holding each other's tails!

A Rat
Judy wanted to go to a new restaurant for the first time. She was very excited to try the food there. When Judy got to the place she saw a rat outside. She decided that she didn't want to eat at the new restaurant. Judy ate leftovers at home.

Cat Fight
Molly wants to go to the dance with Bob. But Bob asks Meg. Out of jealousy Molly spreads rumors that Meg is a slut. When Meg finds out she attacks Molly in the hallway. Both girls get suspended.

Too tall of a tree.
Max had just brought his tree in for Christmas. He tried to put it upright but it was too tall for his house. He took the tree outside and sawed off the bottom. Then, it was short enough to fit inside. He just tossed the tree bottom into the trash pile.

John
John was closing at a department store. After everyone was gone, he set the alarm and walked to his car. The alarm went off. An employee was still inside. John had to stay and call the alarm company.

Lost in the city.
Jennifer was going to see a play. She had to walk there and wasn't familiar with the area. Soon, she realized that she was lost. She consulted someone on the street for directions. Luckily, she was able to arrive on time.

Day of the Dead
It was Day of the Dead in Mexico City. Yessica put on makeup to look like a skeleton. She danced in the streets and drank tequila. She met a cute guy in the street and they went to a bar to drink more. Yessica passed out and woke up in a trash can.

Television Woes
Chuck and Jason were contentedly watching TV one evening. Suddenly, Jason jumped up and ran to the TV. Chuck frantically tried to catch him. He knew what the special needs child was up to. He arrived too late to stop Jason from throwing the TV on the floor.

Lab Work
I went to the office to follow up with my appointment. The front desk worker escorted me to a room. One of the medical staff took a blood test. Afterwards, I had to wait an hour for the doctor to come. The doctor discussed my results with me.

Milk Run
I told Frankie to go to the store and get groceries. He put on his jacket and went on his way. After fifteen minutes I heard a knock on the door. I wasn't expecting Frankie for another hour but there he was. When I asked him how he came and went so fast he said he ran!

Money Greedy
Brad asked Nate if they can hang out tonight. However, Nate refused since they had no money to go anywhere. When Brad got paid from work the next day, Nate called him. He tried to ask if they can hang out for tomorrow. Brad immediately hung up.

The Graduation
Joey drove with his family to the graduation ceremony. He met with all his classmates to take photos before it began. The ceremony began with a speech from the principal. He finally got to walk down the aisle to receive his diploma. After it was finished he got lunch with his family.

Janice at the Coffee Shop
Janice always feels lonely on Sunday because she doesn't see anyone. One Sunday she decides to take her book to read at the coffee shop. Although she doesn't speak with anyone, she likes being around people. She decides to spend more Sunday afternoons at the coffee shop. Janice notices that this habit makes her feel less lonely.

Commuting
Tom drove over twenty thousand miles per year. Tom put a lot of miles on his car. Tom saw many interesting sights on the road. Tom told his friends about his best experiences. Tom's friends enjoyed Tom's stories.

The Dog
Gina was at the park alone. There was a loose dog staring at her. She wasn't sure if she should run or not. She stood staring at the dog as he stared at her. Just then, the dog began to approach her.

Faith in God
Alex used to go to church. Today his grandfather passed away. Alex went to the funeral, and started asking strange questions. The adults weren't able to give him good answers. Since that day, Alex decided that church was stupid.

Chips Lost
Gina had gotten a poker set for Christmas. For months she and her siblings played poker weekly. One week she wanted to play and grabbed her set. However over half of the chips were missing. Gina regretted sharing her gift with her siblings.

The Guest In My Cupboard
I put a camera in the kitchen because of an ongoing problem. Every day, my belongings seemed to be moved on their own accord. The camera caught a small woman climbing out of the cabinet. When she was done eating and moving my things, she'd climb back in. I immediately called the cops, and waited for them, outside my house.

Channels of Anger
I was looking through the house for my homework. My mom told me that she accidentally threw it away. I checked the garbage can however, the last set was gone. I immediately started to get mad. The couch broke after I punched it.

Bob Went to the Store
Bob needed to get some food for dinner. He got his keys and started his car. Bob drove to the store. He picked up everything he needed while he was there. After he was done he went back home.

All These Lights
Bob just arrived in Chicago. He had heard how amazing the skyline was. He decided to take a boat out to the lake. He waited until night to see the skyline. He couldn't believe how breathtaking all the lights at night were!

Computer
Matt bought a new computer. He brought it home and turned it on. He was very excited to get it working. Three days later the battery in the computer broke. Matt was sad because he forgot to buy the warranty.

Breast Cancer
I was so afraid I had breast cancer. I went to the doctor for a biopsy. They put a large needle in my breast and took a sample. I had to wait for a week for results. I am happy to be cancer free.

Diet
Gabrielle was trying to stay on a gluten-free diet. Unfortunately, her favorite food was gluten. She managed to avoid it for weeks. Eventually, she gave in and ate some gluten containing fries. Gabrielle was ashamed with herself.

Scared
Mary was home alone because her parents were on a trip. She began getting scared as night approached. She was too scared to fall asleep. And she stayed up until 5 AM. Mary woke up to the sound of her parents' voices in the morning.

The piercing.
Ashley's friend had a nose ring, so Ashley wanted one too. She asked her mom, but her mom told her no. Ashley begged her mom to let her get the piercing done. Her mom kept saying no. Ashley got upset and stormed out the door.

Junk
Ray went to a garage sale and bought a lot of stuff. He took it home and put it in his own garage. All of the stuff in his garage looked overwhelming to Ray. Ray decided that he should have his own garage sale. He went inside and began to plan his upcoming sale.

Owls
While on a walk the other night I heard an owl. It kept hooting. I tried searching for it all over. I listened and followed the sound. But I never found it.

First Day
Erina's first day at her new job was today. She put on her best clothes and makeup. She arrived right on time. At the end of her first day, she felt she had done a good job. Her new boss complimented her on her performance.

The Doctor
Elliott had a bad stomach ache. It had gone on for days. He finally decided to go to the doctor. When he arrived he was a little nervous. The doctor gave him medicine and he felt better within a few hours.

Graphing Calculator
Sam needed to get a graphing calculator for his Calculus class. He saved up all summer in order to buy it. After the end of summer, he saved up $100. He bought a brand new TI-84 graphic calculator with the money. Sam installed games on his calculator immediately afterwards.

Family Feud
Lindsay invited two relatives who did not get along to her wedding. She stressed about the possible implications of this. She decided it would be best to seat these people far apart. Lindsay weighed options and decided to hope for the best. The two relatives had no issue with each other and it went fine.

The Office
Gina stood outside the office at school. She took a deep breath and gathered her nerve. She didn't want to go inside. But she was in trouble and had no choice. She held her breath, and turned the doorknob.

Grocery Shopping
I needed to get to the grocery store. However I did not have any means of transportation. I looked in my phone book to see who I can call for help. I called my brother. He came to pick me up 20 minutes later.

Old Cabbage
Shane was going to make some cole slaw. He went to the fridge to get the ingredients. When he grabbed the cabbage, he realized it had gone bad. He had left it in the fridge for too long. He had to throw the cabbage away and buy more.

Swimming Lessons
Carol wanted very much to learn how to swim. She signed up for swimming lessons and practiced often. At first, she sputtered and struggled to stay afloat. But she learned quickly, and soon challenged her pal to a race. She was so skilled, she won the contest without even trying!

Whiskey
It was Ted's 21st birthday, and he decided to get drunk. He went to the liquor store, but couldn't decide on what to buy. The liquor store had hundreds of different types of alcohol. Ted finally asked the cashier what they recommended. The cashier said they liked whiskey, so that's what Ted bought.

Coffee
My wife and I had coffee in our building's lounge. Another person was working in the room. She left to go up to her apartment. We noticed she left her laptop bag unattended. We told the concierge to watch her things as we left.

Dan Visits His Niece
Dan has never liked visiting family very much. However, he knows that he should visit his niece occasionally. He drives out to see his niece and they spend the afternoon together. Finally he gets back in his car to go home. He decides never to visit his niece again.

The House Party
Dana had a good idea, throw a party. He invited everyone in his high school to his friend's house. His friend's parents went out of town for the weekend. More people showed up than expected. By five in the morning the house had burnt to the ground.

Move
Bea's mom told her that her dad had gotten a promotion. But it meant moving to a new state! Bea was so miserable that she had to leave her friends. But after a few weeks in the new town, she made some new friends. Soon Bea was happy in her new home!

Making a New Friend
Audrey volunteered at an animal sanctuary. She was especially excited to help take care of the cats. While there, she met a 1-year-old black cat that she adored! She decided to adopt it and take it home. Now they live together at her house happily!

Boing!
Benji was excited to go bungee jumping. He'd forced himself to confront his fear of heights. Finally the day arrived, and he stood on top of the bridge. He strapped the cord on and jumped! Benji splattered on the rocks below when it snapped.

Surprise Party
My daughter's old college roommate Tina turned 30 last September. Tina lives in CA while my daughter is in NY. Tina's dad paid for my daughter to attend a surprise birthday party. Tina was shocked when my daughter appeared. Tina was very happy on her birthday.

Walk the Dog
Jenny was playing with her yoyo. Her friend Bobby walked up. He asked her if she wanted to see him walk the dog. She was confused because he didn't have a dog with him. He laughed, taking her yoyo to show her the trick.

Puppy Litter
Little Kimmy just received a brand new puppy. She already had a cat, but welcomed her puppy. Kimmy had waited too long to take her puppy to poop. She soon realized her puppy had pooped in the cat's litter box! From then on, she allowed her puppy to keep pooping there.

Dog attack
Jan is out jogging when a dog starts chasing her. She tries to get away but the dog is too fast. The dog catches her and starts viciously biting her. A man sees this and gets a baseball bat from his car. He saves her life by beating the dog with the bat until it runs away.

I Hate Driving
Last night was really rainy and windy. I had to drive home from work late. I could barely see anything. I almost got into two accidents. Luckily I made it home safe.

The Beach
The Johnson family loved going to the beach. They were trying to decide where to go for vacation. The family decided that they had to go to a beach. They decided to go to Florida. The Johnson family loved Florida and want to go back.

Riding Lessons
Jane stepped atop the stool and tried to mount the tall horse. Her coach assisted her to gain her balance. Jane realized that she was quite a distance away from the ground. Starting to feel too nervous, she asked to dismount the horse. This is how Jane's first and last horse riding lesson ended.

Burned Burgers
Tom's dad put him in charge of the grill for their annual summer BBQ. He knew it was a big responsibility. He stood by the grill, checking the burgers every couple of minutes. Then a pretty neighbor walked over to talk to him. The burgers burned while he was focusing on her.

Sleep Near
Alex had a new Spider Man bowl. He loved the bowl and wanted it close at all times. His mother put the bowl with the other dishes. Alex crept into the kitchen and grabbed the bowl. He went to sleep staring at it on his nightstand.

Morgan goes to the store
Morgan is ten years old. He and some friends decide to go to the convenience store. Morgan does not ask his parents before going. He also shoplifts some items while at the store. When he gets home Morgan is grounded.

Major Switch
Dana wanted to switch into the electrical engineering program. Dana was required to take a qualifying class on circuits and devices. Dana found the workload overwhelming and the material dry. Dana did not end up passing the class. Dana decided to pursue computer science instead.

Heights
Lucy went to the fair. She wanted to ride the new train. It was closed that day for repairs. She decided to try the pirate ship instead. She ended up having a lot of fun conquering her fear of heights.

Fishing
I needed to catch some fish for food storage for winter. I went fishing everyday but caught nothing. It was getting closer and closer to winter. I decided to change bait to see if it worked. I finally caught a large amount of fish for the winter with the bait.

The Long Way Around
Joe was talking a walk on a wooded trail. As he was walking back, he noticed a huge snake on the path. He couldn't get around without stepping over it. He was afraid, so he doubled back to take a different path. It took him an extra hour to get home.

Present
A girl wanted to get her parents a gift. She didn't have any money though. She tried to think hard about what she could give. So she finally came up with an idea her parents would like. She gave them a big hug and said thank you for being my parents.

Sally Snippers
Sally owned a salon. She cut hair and did makeup. One day a robber came to the salon to take her money. The robber had a knife, but noticed 5 women with pointy scissors. The robber ran away from the salon.

Rude Awakening
A homeless man was walking across the street. He approached my car as soon as he saw my family. My dad tried to argue at him however, the man didn't give up begging. My dad ended up closing his door window and drove off. We ended up being pulled over by a cop since we passed a red light.

Going Blonde
Kerri was about to go blonde for the first time. She walked into the salon and was greeted by the staff. Kerri was taken into a chair as the staff washed her hair. After washing, they put bleach on her hair. To her surprise, she liked her hair.

Kangaroo
A kangaroo jumped out of its enclosure at the zoo. The kangaroo jumped around and surprised many people. A team of zookeepers tried to catch the animal with their nets. The animals was too fast for them. Eventually, the Kangaroo got tired and jumped back in its cage.

Broken Lamp
Justin's dog Ella was running around the house. Ella ran under the end table. Justin yelled at her to get out from under the table. When she ran out, she knocked over an expensive lamp. Justin scolded Ella, and she felt terrible.

First Day of School
It was Emma's first day of school. She picked a pretty dress to wear the night before. When she woke up in the morning, she showered and put on her dress. She spilled orange juice on her dress while eating breakfast. Emma cried to her mother.

The Locket
Jenny found a locket with a photo inside on the sidewalk. Jenny tore out the photo and put the locket around her neck. The next day, Jenny heard a girl crying in the restroom. When the girl came out of the stall, Jenny met her eyes. She recognized the girl from the photo in the locket.

Rainy Day
It was sunny when Alice went for an afternoon walk. She wore light clothing because it was very hot. During her walk it began to rain unexpectedly. Alice began to run home. Alice was soaked by the time she arrived home.

Neighbors Playing Music
Jim wanted to go to sleep. He was feeling really tired. He could not fall asleep no matter how hard he tried. His neighbors were playing music way too loud. He politely told them to turn the music down.

Golfing Lessons
Bill always wanted to take up golfing. He had never played before and didn't know how. He partnered with a buddy who was a pro and got some free lessons. Bil struggled at first but after much practice got a lot better. Now Bill gives golfing lessons of his own.

Exotic Fruit
Amy saw a fruit at the store she wasn't familiar with. Amy decided to try the new fruit and bought one. She put the fruit on the table and went about her day. Amy forgot she bought the exotic fruit. After 2 weeks the exotic fruit was spoiled and had to be thrown away.

Moving back
I decided to move back in with my parents. I wanted to save my money and buy a house. I was nervous as I moved my stuff in. I ended up saving way more than expected and got a house. I was so happy that made that decision.

Time to Fold
Brian told his from Amy about how to fold a fitted bed sheet. Amy was excited at this news and went home to try it. She made several attempts but couldn't get it right. She tried to watch an instructional video for more help. After the third video, Amy was able to fold her fitted bed sheet.

Car Wash
Amy hated having a dirty car. She would often get it washed. Last friday she went to the car wash and paid for the best package. Right as she drove off it started to rainy. She was upset but figured the inside was detailed at least.

Mother's day
Sally wanted to get her mother a great gift for mother's day. But she couldn't afford anything cool. She tried as hard as she could to find something nice in her budget. When mother's day came around she cried because she had no gift. Her mother reassured her she only needed her love, not a gift.

Spiders Crawling
Terry was a very big fan of insect research. He had displays full of beetles, spiders and other insects. During some research online, he found a place selling live spiders. Looking at the tarantulas, Terry decided he wanted to order one. After browsing for weeks, Terry chose a bright blue goliath tarantula.

John Tomson
John wants to go fishing. He heads down to his local lake. He launches his boat and begins angling. He catches a huge lunker. John had a successful day fishing.

Gym
Arnold goes to the gym. The gym was packed. He could hardly get his workouts in. He had to constantly wait for other people to finish. He decides to leave.

Fallen
I was at an elementary school awards assembly. They called my name up. As I was walking to get my award, I fell hard! I was so embarrassed, but got up and kept going. I heard about the fall for years after that!

The ride
We drove all night, only to get halfway there. We had the top down so we could feel the wind in our hair. The gentle hum of the tires was enough to lull us to sleep. If it hadn't been for the chill in the air, we'd have crashed already. Only a few more hours till we're home, in our warm beds.

Visit to Grandma's
Mom and dad told us to get ready for a visit with Grandma. My sister and I picked out our favorite dresses. Mine was pink, her's was lavendar. Mom braided our hair. Grandma greeted us at the door with lots of hugs and kisses.

Study
Neil was starting high school. He wanted to be sure to get good grades. So he started a study group with his friends. Every weekend they got together to study. Neil and all his friends got great grades in high school!

Family Vacation
This summer the Conner family went to Disney World. They visited for fourth of July and it was very hot and crowded. They still got to go on every ride they wanted. They saw fireworks and many shows as well. When it was time to leave, they didn't want to go!

Rainy Day
Sam wanted to go hiking. The weather was rainy and windy. He decided to stay in instead. He read a book and watched television. He figured he would just hike another day.

Prison Ball
Billy and his PE class were getting ready to play prison ball. When the game began, children began to run to the balls. Billy dodged every ball that he could and survived well. Before he knew it, he was one of the last two people left. His enemy threw a ball at Billy, but Billy caught it and won the game.

The Paris Trip
Tim wanted to take his wife to Paris. He booked a trip. The day came up soon. They were very excited. Tim and his wife had a great time on their trip.

Baby Steps
Joe's little brother had finally started crawling. It wasn't long before Joe's brother could pull himself up on his feet. He would wobble around a bit but always fall back down. One day, though, Joe's brother took a step! Soon after, Joe's brother was running around everywhere he could.

Ricky Plays Floor Hockey
Ricky is in gym class. Ricky gets chosen to play for Team 1 in floor hockey. Team 1 decides not to pass Ricky the puck. Ricky feels left out and quits. Ricky's mom is called by the gym teacher.

Burritos
There was this mexican place by my house that had the best burritos. I used to go there three times a week. The best part was that it was open all night. A year ago they closed down for good. I guess I'll have to find a new burrito place.

Asian Massage
Craig had troubles with his spine. He was always in pain and couldn't find relief. Craig decided to go to an Asian massage parlor. He received a very relaxing massage that provided pain relief. Craig now goes there at least once a week.

Outside
Amy's high school had 2 building connected on the 2nd floor. Amy had to go outside to get to the other building. It was cold and she hesitated to open the door. She ran through the snow to get to the right building. When she got inside she slipped and fell because her shoes were wet.

Lost!
Jason was at the mall with his mother. He let go of her hand to go look through a store window. When he turned back around, his mom was gone. He was scared until he heard her call his name. Jason spotted his mom and rushed back over to her with a smile.

terminated
I got fired from my job today. I hated having to tell my wife. She already had plans to move to Mexico. We leave in a few weeks. Our new address is 1 Pablo Way, on the beaches.

Car Troubles
The transmission on my car had to be replaced. Less than a mile from the transmission place the engine went out. We had the car towed to the shop. The mechanics said we needed a whole new engine. We sold the car for scrap.

Apple Picking
Hailie wanted to go apple picking. So she took some friends and went to the orchard. However, they were late in the season. There were no apples on the trees, only on the ground. They wished they had went to the orchard earlier.

Take a Break for Inspiration
Jordan was working on a new novel. She was facing a block on the next chapter. Jordan decided to take a break from writing. She went outside and took a nice walk. After the walk, Jordan was able to write the next chapter.

Good Fences
The Mitchells put a new fence up in their yard. Their neighbors got angry, claiming it encroached onto their yard. The Mitchells went to the town hall and retrieved property records. They showed their neighbors the rightful property line. Proven right, the Mitchells received no more trouble from them.

Chatty
Kim was studying for a science test. But he forgot her notes at school. She called one of her friends to get help. But they ended up talking about food and movies. Eventually, it became too late for Kim to study.

Saint Patrick's Day
Our two year old granddaughter is in day care. Today they celebrated Saint Patrick's Day. They put green hats and green shamrocks on the kids. Her father took a video of her walking, wearing the hat and shamrock. We thought it was cute.

Melba's Tale
Melba was a pianist who really knew her instrument well. She could play just about every song known to man. One day she decided to get her piano tuned. When the piano tuner left Melba sat down to play. She almost fell off the seat when that hammer fell onto the keyboard!

Lost luggage
Lulu made sure to check her bag at the airport. She was relieved she didn't have to carry it on board. When she landed however, something happened. She couldn't find her luggage at baggage claim. She had to call the airline later.

Hang Gliding
Jon wanted to learn how to hang glide. He bought a glider. He took private lessons. Eventually, he was able to glide on his own. Alas, he fell to his death on one of his gliding trips.

Lauren Sews Her Jeans
Lauren notices that her jeans have developed a small rip. She goes to the crafts store to get thread and a sewing needle. Lauren carefully sews shut the rip in her jeans. She doesn't mind that the thread in her jeans is visible. Lauren is happy that her jeans are no longer ripped.

Expensive Chair
Tim spent lots of time at his computer. But he noticed that his back constantly hurt. So he decided to get a better chair. He went to a store and sat on a very expensive computer chair. And it was so comfortable that the price didn't matter to him.

Voting
Joe wanted to vote. He went to go wait in line. He waited a long time. Finally it was his turn. They unfortunately sent him home because he was not registered.

Colorado
We had to go to Colorado for work training. It was a long flight to get all the way out there. The elevation was definitely more than I expected. But it was great to see a new city. We had some great experiences, and was glad to see it.

Skiing
Tom loved extreme sports. It was the winter in Colorado. Tom wanted to go skiing. He drove to a ski resort. He went skiing.

Flash Looks
Elena was pulled over by a police officer. He asked her to take out her license. Elena tried to button down her shirt. The officer couldn't sign the ticket and was distracted. He decided to give her a simple warning.

I spent my lucky penny.
I found a penny on the ground. I put it in my wallet. Ever since I had the penny in my wallet I had really good luck. I accidentally spent the penny at the store. My luck had been bad ever since.

Pregnancy announcement
Cara felt rather queasy yesterday morning. She decided to take a pregnancy test. To her delight she found out she was pregnant. Cara immediately got on the phone to tell her family. Her family and husband were thrilled.

The Tiger and the Goat
Zookeepers throw a goat into a tiger's enclosure. The goat is meant to be a meal for the tiger. But the stubborn goat is not afraid of the tiger. The goat refuses to back down. Instead of being the tiger's meal they become best friends.

The Angry Birds
There once was a flock of birds who lived on a telephone wire. One day, workers came to knock the power line down and move it. The birds did not want to see their home displaced, so they attacked. The flock of birds stormed the workers, and they left promptly. The birds saved their home and we're proud of what they had done.

Charity
Tom was working a paper route to save up and buy a bicycle. He would walk his route and make Twenty Dollars everyday. One day, Tom was at the store with his mom and saw a santa. The santa had a pot and was ringing a bell, asking for money. Tom decided that others needed the money more than he needed a bike.

Fresh vegetables
Katie wanted some fresh vegetables. She went to her garden to get some. She plucked off tomatoes and peppers. Katie thought they were delicious. She gave some to her friends and they liked it.

Big Mistake
I once felt like doing something romantic in a random way. I bought a rose and decided to give it to the first girl I saw. I entered the college cafeteria, seeing a girl sitting alone. I strolled up and gave her the rose. Just then a huge guy appeared, asking what I said to his girlfriend.

Stella's Favorite Band
Stella has always loved the Rolling Stones. She learned that they were going to play a concert in her hometown. Stella couldn't get tickets before they sold out. She called into a radio station to try to win tickets. She won four backstage passes!

Saving for Disneyland
Brenda wanted to go on a trip to Disneyland. She didn't have very much money. She decided to start babysitting kids in her neighborhood Soon, she had enough money to go to Disneyland. She had a great time on her trip!

Tattoo
Will wanted a tattoo badly. His dad told him he could get one when he turned 18. Will did not want to wait that long. Will's friend told him he could give him a tattoo for free. Will accepted the offer and regretted it for the rest of his life.

Johnny's Big Move
Johnny had a good life with his wife in the suburbs. However, after his wife divorced him, Johnny thinks about moving. He visits a small apartment in the city center and decides to take it. The apartment feels small and cramped compared to his old place. Still when he walks outside he sees single people and is happy.

Magical flat iron
All my life I always had the most unruly curly hair. I finally decided to tame it and purchase a flat iron. When I bought the device, I heated it up and put it on my hair. To my surprise my hair was silky smooth. I could not believe my eyes.

Not Feeling Well
Miguel woke up not feeling well. He wasn't sure why he was sick because he had been eating well. He decided to take lots of vitamin C and spend the day sleeping. Late in the afternoon his wife came home and made him soup. By the end of the night he felt much better!

Late project
I was up all last night trying to finish my science project. It took me forever to get finished. I didn't make it to bed until 2 o'clock in the morning. When I woke up, I realized I was late for school. My project was late, but thankfully no points were deducted.

Chloe Gets Lost
Cloe, Jade, Yasmin, and Sasha are all best friends. They decided to take a hike through the woods together. Chloe got lost in the woods. The others searched until they found her. The girls enjoyed the rest of their hike.

PC
In 1989, our company started using personal computers. A colleague and I were selected to get the first two. The shop steward wanted to protest as we did not have seniority. She decided not to. When she got her pc later she did not know how to use it.

bus fare
Ed was trying to get bus fare home. He was only twenty cents short. He looked around and saw four bottles on the ground. He collected them and cashed them in at the store. Now Ed had enough money to get home!

The Dive
I've always had a fear of heights. I decided to conquer it by doing a high dive into a pool. It took all my courage to get up there. Once up there I froze completely. Paramedics had to help me down.

In a hurry
I picked up my paycheck after work. I hurried to get to the bank before it closed. A man walked behind my car as I pulled out. I didn't see him and almost hit him. I apologized and sped off to the bank.

Next Day
Gina had to go to the store to buy bottled water. She only had enough for a few days. At the store the shelf where her water sat was empty. She saw a young man stocking a shelf and inquired about more. To her dismay they were all out of her water.

Dark Stranger
Linda fell in love with a tall dark stranger in town. Though practically strangers, she invited the man to move in. One day, Linda left her new man a note to pick her up after work. When he didn't arrive, Linda was furious. She didn't know that the dark stranger couldn't read.

The Blizzard
The weatherman said not to go out. The blizzard was going to make travel difficult. John didn't listen. He decided he could handle it. Now his car is stuck in a ditch.

Freedom
There was a hurricane warning inside of the school. The security guards told all of the classmates to stand still. All of us were in the cafeteria and couldn't get out. A few hours later, the hurricane watch was called off. All of us ran outside in a happy manner.

Ellie
Ellie wanted to go to the playground. She asked her mom to take her. Her mom promised that they could go if Ellie ate all her lunch. Ellie diligently ate every bit of her soup and sandwich. And after lunch, she got to go play at the playground!

Moving in
Rachel had only been with her boyfriend a few weeks. Yet the three of them decided to move in together. Everything was moving so fast. However the next week they started fighting. They regretted moving in.

New Beginnings
Mary was born in the Philippines. She was raised in a very poor family. Mary put herself through school. She raised enough money to move to America. Mary is now a vice president in her company and has a great family.

Walk
Evan wanted to go for a walk. She asked her friends to get her shoes out. The friends helped put her shoes on. She got ready and they headed out. It was good that she finally got out of the house.

The big test.
Mark was on the basketball team. He was supposed to play the play off, but he had to pass a test first. The test was his midterm for geometry. He took the test early one morning, hoping he did alright. Luckily, he did pass his test and he was able to play.

Twerk So Hard
The Korean pop singer was dismayed she couldn't twerk. She had joined a popular ensemble of fellow stars. They were set to put out a video in only a month! She practiced, practiced, and practiced some more. She twerked with the best of them when the video was shot.

Chris Builds a Fence
Chris got a new puppy a few weeks ago. He loved having a pet, but the puppy liked to run away from the yard. Chris decided he needed to build a fence. After many weeks of hard work Chris had completed his fence. He never imagined a puppy would be so much work.

Getting Familiar with a Tent
Mark was going on his first camping trip with friends. To make sure he could set up his tent, he decided to practice. All the pieces were removed from the package in his backyard. He followed the instructions to assemble and disassemble the tent. Mark was confident in his ability when he arrived to the campsite.

Making The Most
Tim just broke his leg last week while running track. He will be out for three months at the least. The coach is upset because Tim cannot run for his team anymore. Tim's doctor said he can still exercise his upper body only. Tim decided to do the shot put for the track team instead of running.

Relaxing
George was having a very difficult week at work. To help him relax, his wife drew him a bath. She put in epsom salts and fragrant essential oils. As George soaked in the soothing concoction, his stress melted away. He felt refreshed and ready for a good night's sleep.

Pesky Raccoons
It's trash day. Yet, I'm hesitant to put out my trash. Every time I do, the raccoons get into it. They always tear up the bag. I'm going to get a steel trash can.

The Session
The group and I decided to have a recording session one night. When we were set up, we realized the microphones were not plugged in. After a few minutes, we found the problem. The microphones were broken ! We quickly found another microphone so that we could finish recording.

Retirement
Wando just retired from her job of thirty Year's! Her and her husband are going to travel the world She has all these big plans for the rest of her life. She took today off though just to sit and reflect on her life. Wanda was extremely thankful and was looking forward to retirement.

New polish colors
Allie wanted some nail polish. She wanted some new colors. She couldn't decide what to get however. Finally she decided on green. Yet when she tried it she didn't like it.

Sick Day
Cherri's boss was getting on her nerves. She decided to take her first sick day in Years. She went to the beach on her day off. She found several co-workers there as well. Half of the office came back to work the next day tanned.

Cable
Ashley worked for a cable company. She helped her boyfriend get cheap cable. She then got in trouble at work. Her boyfriend was stealing cable! Now Ashley has no job or boyfriend!

Acting in a play
I signed up for the local acting club. We decided to put on a play one day. We chose to rehearse macbeth. We became very proficient with our roles. Six months later, we put on a play at our local community center.

Overslept
Easton had a very important test coming up. He studied very hard the night before. He did not go to bed until two in the morning. Easton overslept the next morning. He missed his test.

The Concert
Jessica was a very big fan of country music. She had really hoped to attend a concert in her hometown. Jessica didn't have enough money to buy tickets. Her local radio station was holding a contest for free tickets. Jessica called the station and won two free tickets!

Gil
Gil needed an onion for his dinner. His fried bologna just wouldn't taste right without it! But he had no time to run to the store. Then he decided to borrow one from his neighbor. She lent him an onion and saved the dinner!

Shopping
Mary did not like shopping. The store was always very loud and too crowded. Mary needed to get groceries every week. She checked the store to see when it was least crowded. Mary was able to get her shopping done with timing.

Single Life
Katy was sick of being single. Instead of complaining, she decided to go on a blind date. At the blind date, she talked to 10 guys in total. She was not interested in any of the 10 guys! Katy will try again tomorrow, and hope for better luck.

Bought the Gum
My friend Lizzy wanted some gum. She gave me a dollar to go get her some. I went to a corner store to purchase it. I purchased some gum but the total was 25 cents extra. I gave Lizzy her gum, but I didn't tell her I paid extra.

Niece
My niece is a college freshman. Over her first semester her boyfriend broke up with her. They did not attend the same college and were separated. He cheated on her. My niece was heartbroken.

Take a chance
Carl went to the casino to see a show. On the way to the theater he passed the roulette table. The pit boss suggested that Carl take a chance and play. Carl put down $5 on red. The ball came up black and Carl felt terrible.

The dock seat.
Annie and Greg were going to see fireworks for the 4th of July. The show was happening down by the harbor. The couple was a bit late and the place was so crowded. Then they noticed an empty spot on the docks. They grabbed the spot and had a great view for the show.

Lizards
I am very afraid of lizards. One day I opened my front door and a baby lizard snuck in. I tried to get it out of my house but could not trap it. I moved all my furniture and boxes. The lizard finally died in the house.

Maxine Gets a Tan
Maxine wants to have slightly darker skin. She takes the train out to coney island to get a tan. On Coney Island she lays on the beach to enjoy the sun. At the end of the day she has a nice tan. Maxine is so happy that she no longer looks so pale.

Haunted House
Troy and his friends went to a haunted house on Halloween. They paid to get their tickets. They then waited in line for 30 minutes. When it was their turn, they went in the house and enjoyed themselves. They laughed and giggled and drove home.

Out of order
Amy went to get frozen yogurt on her break at work. The line was longer than she expected. She was nervous since her break was only 15 minutes long. After she got her yogurt she hurried back to her post. She was relieved to see her supervisor wasn't back from lunch.

Betsy Gets a Bird Feeder
Betsy has always loved watching birds. She decides to buy a bird feeder and put it outside her window. Soon she sees many birds, including blue jays and finches. She finds that watching birds is calming and nice. Betsy is very happy that she can watch birds every day.

Cruise
Lisa was going on a cruise for her vacation. She was quite excited. She couldn't wait to go. As she walked on the ship she realized something. She left her bag at home.

My Favorite Drink
I went to McDonalds to get my favorite drink. When I arrived, they said the soda machine was broken. I left the store very dissatisfied. Instead, I stopped at the gas station on my way home. I bought the Coca-Cola I'd been craving at the gas station.

Popcorn
Today I made a bag of popcorn. I put it in the microwave and started a load of laundry. I was doing laundry and forgot about the popcorn. The bag of popcorn burnt. Now my whole house smells like burnt popcorn.

Kate
Kate knew she needed to drop some weight. But her willpower was weaker than her appetite. She decided to join a support group for help. The group gave her tips, tricks and advice. With their help, Kate could finally get slim!

Roast Session
I got into a fight with my mom since she wants me to get a haircut. She stopped saying after several minutes. On the other hand, she told the whole family about it during dinner. They started to ridicule me and call me names. As a result, I shaved off all of my hair to avoid the comments.

Mali
I loved Tuareg music. I decided to go to Mali so I could hear Tuareg music live. In Mali, I could not find any Tuareg bands. A local man told I could find a Tuareg band at a nearby village. I went to the village and the live Tuareg music was amazing!

Zane the Skateboarder
Zane spent all of his free time skateboarding. He was the best in town and he knew it. His mom always told him that he wouldn't get anywhere skateboarding. Despite what she said, he continued to focus on skateboarding. Years later, he is the most famous skateboarder in the world.

Parallel Parking
I was trying to find a place to park downtown. Everything was taken except for one spot. I was terrible at parallel parking but gave it a try. Surprisingly enough I did a good job. Now I'm more confident about it and do it more often.

Stan
Stan wanted to throw a party. He invited everyone from school to the party. Unfortunately, Stan's parents wouldn't let him throw the party. Stan had to let everyone know the party was cancelled. Stan was really sad that he couldn't have his party.

Home for a Holiday
Rachel went to go visit her family for Thanksgiving. She drove 5 hours to get there. After a fun holiday, she left that Friday. There was traffic everywhere, and it took her 10 hours to get home. Rachel decided she was going to fly home next Thanksgiving.

band
Ed wanted to start a band. He put a sign up advertising. Soon he got calls from prospective members. He auditioned them and assembled a band. Soon they were practicing every week together!

Sick Day
I woke up in the morning sweating and coughing. My mom came into the room and saw that I wasn't feeling well. She told me to stay home and get some rest. I fell back asleep as soon as she left the room. After I woke up, I played video games all day.

Second String
Jason was the second string quarterback at his school. The star quarterback was injured in a car accident. The coach decided to start Jason in place of the star. That Friday night, Jason led his team to victory. The coach decided to replace the star quarterback with Jason.

Fred's Tasty Backpack
Fred went backpacking in the mountains for the weekend. Every night he hung the bag of food in a tree for bear proofing. One night he forgot to remove a candy bar from his backpack. A bear came during the night and tore apart Fred's backpack. He had to carry his gear in his sleeping bag for the rest of the trip.

Rabbits in School
My kindergarten class found baby rabbits at recess. They wanted to bring them inside. I took the bunnies and got a coworker. We returned the bunnies to their hole. Their mom was there to greet them.

Geese
Steven was by a big flock of geese. He went to go and chase them away. They flew away at first. They after started chasing him He was able to get away.

fancy shirt
Tom was about to go to a party. He realized he needed a fancy shirt. Then he remembered his mother bought him a fancy shirt. Tom put the shirt on. He ended up having fun the whole night.

Strange Animal
Danica went outside to push the trashcan to the road. It was a long walk from their home in the woods to the road. Danica heard a rustling in the trees. Danica looked to her left and saw a strange animal peering at her. Danica threw down the trashcan and took off back to the house.

Uninsured
Jake really needed to see a doctor. He refused to go because he didn't have insurance. He could not afford to pay a doctor's bill. Jake enrolled in Obama Care. He was able to see a doctor and get the medicine he needed.

Work out wherever
A man decided to work out while waiting for the bus to arrive. He got down on the ground for some push-ups. After doing a set of 10 he was tired. The man rested a bit and did another set of 10. Shortly afterwards, the bus arrived and the man got up.

The stand up
Kendall flew to New York with her sister Kim to go on an audition. The audition was for modeling in a runway show. Kendall was nervous but Kim encouraged her. Unfortunately Kendall got so nervous she stood up her audition. Kim was furious that she wasted their time.

Overrun with Mice
Tina moved into the new apartment complex. She had just finished unpacking when she heard some noise. She then saw a mouse scurrying to hide in the bathroom. Tina promptly called the landlord. The landlord called the exterminators to fumigate the unit.

Dentist
The dentist had to give me fillings. The needle was so painful. But the gas was nice. It took him about 30 min. Now I have a new shiny silver tooth.

A Vacation
Kaley wished to visit another country. She scoured the internet and settled on Brazil. She saved all the money she could and bought tickets. Kaley enjoyed her vacation. She is now planning to travel twice a year.

Car Wash
Ross and his friends needed to raise money for their school club. They brainstormed different things they can do to make the money. Ross proposed that they run a car wash. That Saturday they had the car wash and a lot of people came. Ross and his friends raised even more money than they had planned.

trash
Des asked Rick to take the trash out. Rick kept postponing it. He said he'd do it in the morning. She woke at noon and went to check. But it was still sitting in the kitchen!

Follow the rainbow
A pilot was flying in a plane after a gentle rain storm. He saw a rainbow and decided to see where it ended. The rainbow became fainter as he followed it but he didn't give up. The end of the rainbow was a parking lot outside a dry cleaners. The pilot was disappointed that it didn't have a more meaningful end.

No Training Wheels
Sally had been riding her bike with training wheels. She was scared to take them off permanently. After falling off once, she was scared to try again. One day, Sally noticed none of her friends had them on. She decided to go for it and rode around without them.

Kyle's Wheels
Kyle had made a pair of wheels to help his injured cat move around. A friend saw the wheels and asked Kyle to make some for their dog. Kyle was happy to oblige. The dog's life was really improved by the wheels Kyle had made. It made Kyle happy to help out two animals who needed it.

Good Pizza
Steve and Eric got out of school early. They went to have pizza at Pizza Chef. Steve thought he would get home his usual time. He didn't have his phone to let his mom know he might be late. He got grounded for not letting his mom know what he was doing.

Anniversary Dinner
It was Mick and his wife's anniversary weekend. He was going to take her on a beach getaway. On the way to the beach his engine seized up. When they were dealing with a mechanic somebody stole his bad. Even after the most expensive anniversary ever he was still the happy.

For rent
A man lived in a large house all alone. He was lonely amidst all the empty room. He put an ad up for people to rent his rooms. Many people came and rented space from him. He filled his whole house with renters.

Pressed Pennies
I collect pressed pennies everywhere I go. There are a few theme parks that I particularly want to visit. Today I am going to a national park to get a penny pressed. When I get there, I go straight to the gift shop. The park itself it nice, but it's not what I came for.

Pet Problems
Rick had a bad mouse problem at his house. He came up with an idea to get rid of them. He bought a snake to catch the mice. The snake caught all of the mice. Now, he has a snake problem.

Road Trip
Maria was so excited for her road trip to New York. She packed a bag for her three night stay in a luxury hotel. She arrived Friday night, and settled into the hotel. Maria spent the weekend seeing the sights and trying new foods. She had a wonderful time on her trip to New York.

Bed Bugs Bite
Joy was jealous when she didn't get an invitation to a sleep-over. Joy wanted to get revenge, so she started a rumor. She said the house of the sleep-over was infested with bed bugs. Joy was glad when she heard the sleep-over was cancelled. But Joy's mom heard of the infestation and made her clean the house.

Porter Tries Pushups
Porters friends and family have noticed that he has gained weight. One day his father recommends that he try working out. Porter does pushups for a few weeks to try to get in shape. However, he finds that he hates exercise. Porter resigns himself to gaining more weight.

Principal
Gina had to go to see the principal. She stood outside her class afraid to go to the office. She had never been in trouble at school She worried about what her mother would say when she found out. Gina sat on the floor and wondered what to do.

Ophelia Moves Out
Ophelia was getting sick of her loud city neighborhood. After Years of living in the city, she decided to move to the suburbs. Ophelia was happy to have more space and a yard. In her new place, Ophelia even had room to plant a garden. However, occasionally, she found herself missing the city life.

To The Library
Gina exited the bathroom to find her friends waiting. Gina informed them the librarian was in the bathroom. She would unlock the library doors so they could go to the library. Her friends were happy. As was Gina.

Learning the dance
Kara went to a school to teach a dance to middle school children. The middle school kids were going to put on a musical. Kara brought a small speaker system to play the music for the dance. The kids learned the dance by watching Kara do it with the music. After some practice, they were ready for that part of their show.

Confiscated
Billy decided to bring a water gun in our class. He pointed it towards my teacher. My teacher took it away and called the principal. The principal walked into class and took Billy out. He ended up getting suspended for a week.

New Horizons
We decided to move to a new town next year. We are decided what city has the best opportunities. Somewhere closer to family. We are saving up money. It will be a fun adventure.

The broken snow globe.
Molly had just decorated for Christmas. She had put a snow globe on a bookshelf. She was out of the room when she heard a smash. When she ran into the living room, she saw the snow globe shattered. Her toddler had knocked the snow globe over.

Mountain road
Ray drive his car on a steep mountain road. A boulder fell from high above. The rock came crashing down on Ray's hood. He panicked and swerved into the mountainside. Ray was fine but his car was totaled.

Saving a turtle
Erika was enjoying a walk down a suburban road. She noticed a turtle attempting to cross the street. Erika ran to pick up the turtle. She set the turtle down on the opposite side of the road. Continuing her walk, Erika kept her eyes open for more turtles.

Miles Gains Weight
Miles used to be in terrific physical shape. Last year Miles got married and decided to stop going to the gym. Every month Miles didn't go to the gym he became a little fatter. He also started to eat more than he used to. Now Miles is in the worst shape of his life.

A spontaneous trip.
Michael decided to go on a last minute trip. He got in his car and drove to the coast. There, he went to the beach. He also went hiking and checked out some shops. Then, he went home.

The Butterfly
Cindy went to visit her grandma at the cemetery. She had just passed after having spent the past few Years ill. Cindy wished she could have spent more time with her grandmother. As the thought crossed her mind, a butterfly landed on her shoulder. She felt some sort of calm, almost as if it were a familiar soul.

John Gets Ahead
John wanted to get stronger and more manly. He took a job as a laborer on a large construction site. He learned many skills, becoming adept at using tools and equipment. John decided to start his own construction firm. He now owns the firm scheduled to finish the new World Trade Center!

Useless Tool
Ian was trying to walk through a thunderstorm. His umbrella was protecting him from the rain shower. However, the winds folded the umbrella and ended up breaking it. Not only did Ian fall, but he landed in a puddle. All of his clothing was soaked.

Broken Hose
I was watering the grass with the hose nozzle. The day was very hot and sunny. I left the hose lying to get a drink. The hot sun caused the hose to burst. Tape wouldn't fix it, so I bought a new hose.

Bad Bridge
Frank was hauling bowling balls in his truck. He drove his truck to a bridge to cross a river. When the truck was-way over it, he felt a shake. The bridge began to collapse. Frank screamed as he tumbled into the water.

The french-fry fire.
Sam was making french fries on the stove. His pot of oil lit on fire. Sam quickly tried to remember how to put out a grease fire. Then, he remembered to smother the flame. He covered it with another pot, and the fire went out.

The Big Fight
James was angry at his best friend Todd. James and Todd like the same girl Jenny. They would get jealous whenever one of them spoke with Jenny. They got into a fist fight and both were hurt pretty badly. Jenny later told them that she had no interest in either of them.

Out of gas
Dave was driving down a long, dark country road. Suddenly his car sputtered to a stop. Dave saw that he'd run out of gas! He got his gas can and started walking back down the road. He had to walk five miles before he saw a gas station!

The Injured Finger
Thomas hurt his finger. It bled profusely. He wasn't sure if he should go to the hospital. He wrapped his finger in a towel. Soon the bleeding stopped.

Astronaut
Kay loved to read and write about outer space. But her parents thought she should focus on schoolwork. They feared she'd never get a real job if she dreamed all the time. In the end, though, Kay had the last laugh. She found a great job as an astronaut!

Tay
Tay was having a yard sale. She needed the money to get her car fixed. She feared that she could not raise as much money as she needed. But many people came to her sale and bought items. After the sale she had made more than enough cash!

New iPhones
Macy was thrilled to be getting a new iPhone today. The only problem was that the line was far out the door. As soon as the doors opened, everyone tried to get inside. At least Macy was able to get the pink iPhone. As soon as she got home she opened it up.

Trampoline
Josh found a used trampoline for sale online. He took his truck to go pick it up. Josh came home with the trampoline. He set it up in his backyard. His kids love the trampoline!

The Skyscraper
John's new day on the job was a bit daunting. He had an office in a top floor. The elevator ride alone took forever. When he arrived to his office he saw the view. It was worth the anticipation.

The Stray
Vicki found a cat lost in the neighborhood. She took it's picture and put flyers up looking for the owner. It's been two weeks and no one claimed the cat. Vicki loves the cat and was glad no one claimed her. Vicki and the cat now live happily together.

Family vacation
The Smiths went on vacation every year. They usually went to the beach. This year they decided to go skiing. They rented a cabin in Vail. They loved it and want to go back.

The Baby Shower
Cody was pregnant, so her friends decided to give her a baby shower. Cody had so many people come to the shower that she was overwhelmed. They played lots of games and ate lots of food. There were more presents there than anyone had ever seen. The baby shower was very successful!

The closed restaurant.
Randy and Kat wanted to eat out. They decided to walk to their favorite restaurant. After a short walk, they arrived at the place. It turned out that the place had closed permanently. They were really upset about it.

French Cassy
A French girl named Cassie was supposed to visit Stanley. He bought her plane tickets to come see him in Mexico. She flaked out when she was supposed to get on her plane. Instead of taking responsibility she stopped talking to Stanley. Stanley decided to never deal with French girls again.

The soda.
Mike bought some soda at the store in the summer. He went home but forgot to take the soda out and it exploded all over. He was supposed to go on a date and didn't want to cancel. He decided he would just cover up the mess with towels. his date was a disaster anyways and he laughed about it all.

Restaurant
Jay just graduated from college. He's been finding it hard to get a job. His parents decided to make him work at the restaurant They figured if he can't work, he might as well help the family. Now he works 4 times a week.

Baseball
We would go to my grandpas property every summer. We would play baseball with our cousins. We would spend all afternoon out there. It was so much fun even though it was 2 on 2. It is one of my favorite childhood memories.

The ruined dress.
Sarah was waiting to go out with her friends. While they finished dressing, she hung out by the pool. She was walking along the edge when she tripped. She fell into the water. Her dress was ruined and she had to change clothes.

Late Leonard.
Lenard was never able to get anywhere on time. He was late for work. He was also late for school. One day a girl asked him out on a date. He was still late.

The Gambler
Michael always loved to gamble. His father taught him at a very young age. Michael would go to casinos in his town but was ready for more. He decided to take out all of his savings and head to Vegas. Michael lost all of his money and had to go home broke.

The Long Wait
Stephen's wife, Xiao, went into labor today around noon. All of her family and his went to the hospital to wait for the baby. Xiao didn't want anyone in the room except Stephen and her mother. After 14 long hours the baby was finally born. Twenty six family members were thrilled to hear it was a healthy boy!

The Race
The Horses were lined up in the starting gate. The gunshot fired and they were off like a bolt. Two horses pulled into the lead neck and neck. The jockeys were riding hard and fast. They came to the line and it was a dead heat.

The Sandwich
Paul made a sandwich. As he was about to eat, he had a knock on the door. Paul put his sandwich on the coffee table. He forgot his dog was roaming free. When Paul came back, his dog had eaten his sandwich.

Dream Job
Jasmine always loved to pretend. As a child, she would put on plays for her family. As she grew up, she aspired to become an actress. She attended a prestigious acting school. Jasmine is now the highest paid actress in Hollywood.

To the Bank
Kim won a lot of money in a bet. She planned to take the money to the bank. On the way there she felt like shopping. Kim spent some of her money on new clothes. She still managed to put a lot of money in the bank.

Blacksmith Buddy
Mark was friends with a blacksmith. He kept all scrap metal that he came across to give his friend. When Mark filled a garbage can with scrap he called the friend. The friend came over and took the can of metal. He made mark a metal sculpture as a thank you gesture.

Worst Birthday
It was Elizabeth's fifth birthday. Her mother put a cake with 5 candles on it in front of her. Elizabeth leaned over the cake to blow out the candles. Elizabeth's long hair caught on fire and burned her face. Despite Elizabeth's permanent facial scars, she is now a fashion model

Sweater
Mary decided not to go to school and went to the mall instead. At the mall she did some Christmas shopping. She found her mother a beautiful sweater. On Christmas day she gave her mother the sweater. Mary's mom loved the sweater.

The Hayloft
Willa loved to visit at her favorite cousin's farm. One day, the cousin showed Willa the hayloft. The cousin dared Willa to jump from the hayloft. Willa didn't want to look like a coward to her favorite cousin. Willa busted her arm, but she said she tripped and fell.

Pets
My sister wanted to get a rabbit for a pet. Rabbits poop all over the house. My mom still got her the pet. The rabbit was named Peter, and was very calm. The only place it ended up pooping, was in my room.

basketball
My nephew had a basketball game this morning. I had to get up bright and early to meet him at the gym. He played a good game and I was happy to be there. Their team did a good job and won the game. I am looking forward to the next game.

Out of Coffee
Sandy went to go make herself a cup of coffee. She realized that she was out of coffee. So, she went to the store to buy some. She brought the coffee home and brewed a cup. Sandy felt more awake after having her coffee.

Slippery Situation
Drew was walking home. It started to rainy outside. He began to run to his house. Unfortunately his foot hit a large log during the run. He ended up bending his ankle and fell on the floor.

Danny Learns Portuguese
Danny wants to visit Brazil but he doesn't speak Portuguese. He decides to get lessons in Portuguese from a local tutor. Finally he learns the language and books his trip. His trip to Brazil is fantastic. Danny is so glad he made the effort to learn Portuguese.

How Mike and Juliet met.
The rainy started to fall briskly. Mike hurried and ducked under a canopy. Juliet joined him a moment later. He looked at her and smiled. She extended her hand to him and introduced herself.

Chapped
Anna went for a run on a cold day. The bitter wind chapped her lips! She smoothed balm on them, but it didn't help. Then she applied pure olive oil. The oil helped heal Anna's sore, chapped lips.

Wrong Side
My family was constructing a chair. My uncle assembled the legs that belonged on the bottom. I was trying to place the soft cushion to sit on. However, I realized that I placed it upside down. My uncle took it spot and reorganized it.

Left Behind
My science class took a field trip to the bio park today. Only about half of the students were allowed to go on the trip. My best friend Mark got left behind because he failed a math test. That doesn't seem fair to me because he is really good at science. I don't understand why teachers punish students who really try hard.

The Gym
Kim wanted to work out. She was going to go to her gym. Then she remembered it was closed. She decided to cancel her membership. She started going to an all day gym instead.

Getting in Shape
I joined my friend in the gym to lift weights. We started our workout on the bench press. I lifted half of what my friend did, and I almost dropped the weight. When we moved to the leg exercises, I quit from exhaustion. I went into the locker room and packed up my bag for home.

The Phone Who Lived
I bought a new phone today. At night, I dropped it in my bowl of cereal. After I cleaned it, I put it in my back pocket. I sat down outside my house and forgot it was in my pocket. I heard a crack but when I checked the phone it still worked perfect.

Subway
My mom didn't want to go to Subway for lunch. I told her it was healthy and they had a lot of choices. So we went, she got a chicken breast sandwich. After she finished she told me she now loves Subway. Now me and my mom go to Subway every Sunday.

casserole
Ana didn't know what to cook for dinner. She had a lot of odd leftovers, so she had an idea. She put them all together into a casserole. Then she baked everything under a layer of cheese. Ana's family loved her "leftover casserole"!

Toothache
Mary woke up in the morning with a terrible pain in her mouth. It bothered her throughout the day, worsening with every moment. She finally decided to go to the dentist for an emergency appointment. Seeing it was a wisdom tooth, the dentist performed an extraction. Discomfort aside, Mary left very relieved and drove home to rest.

Sick
John was sick every weekend, all weekend long. He lay in bed and refused to go out with his family. Finally, John's wife persuaded him to go to the doctor. The doctor recommended he see a therapist for depression. John started feeling a lot better.

The Flower Girl
Lisa was so excited because she was going to be the flower girl. She put her dress on and her hair curled all pretty. Everything was perfect. As she walked down the aisle she tripped, and flowers went everywhere. She thought she let everyone down, and ran out of the church crying.

Felix Writes His Memoir
Felix has always wanted to leave a record of his life. He decides to begin writing a memoir. At first it is very painful to write about certain parts of his life. However, over time he finds the process cathartic. As he finishes writing, Felix is glad he will leave something behind.

Leaves
Alec didn't like the fall. Every year tons of leaves would fall on his yard. It would be his job to rake them. This year was no exception. The only difference was that it keeps becoming easier as he grows.

Montana
Jason went to visit friends in Montana. It was a very long drive from Maine. He stayed at his friend Sara's house. That night they had a dinner with many old friends. Jason was very happy with his trip.

Hot Coffee
Jane wanted cold coffee because it was a hot day. But she did not have time to make cold brew coffee. So she made coffee normally and put it in a mug. She left the mug in the refrigerator but left the cap on. Four hours later, the coffee was still hot.

Refreshing Yellow #3 Batch A
Alex was trying to earn money for a foreign trip. He set up a lemonade stand out front his house. He put up a sign letting everyone know he was in business. A cop stopped by and asked to see his vendor permit. Alex took down his stand and slumped back into his house.

New album release
Kelly couldn't wait for her favorite singer's album to come out. The next week when the album came out she bought ten copies. She loved the album so much she memorized all the songs. When she opened up one of the albums she saw free tickets. Kelly was thrilled.

Haircut
Bob decided to get a haircut. He went to a salon he had never been to before. He asked for a bowl cut. They gave him a buzz cut. He got angry and decided not to tip them.

Lighting Situation
Kim hated overhead lighting. Her boyfriend's new apartment had nothing but. They were going to move in together. Kim's boyfriend surprised her with new lamps he bought. She loved how thoughtful he was.

Dahlia
Dahlia was blind but it never seemed to get her down. The only thing that bothered her was being alone. She decided to meet another person who was blind. Ronald was blind as well and they both hit it off. The two remain very close and Ronald just proposed to Dahlia.

Nub Love
Ray look out all the worn out nubs of crayons he owned. He took off the papers and put them into piles by color. He then put the pieces in a mold which was then put in his oven. Ray watched the crayons melt back into their old forms. Once they cooled down he drew with them right away.

Father Bonding Time
Bob wanted to do something special for his son. He wanted to take him on a snowboarding trip. They rented snowboards and took a tram to the top of the mountain. His son fell down many times. Eventually Bob was able to teach his son how to stand up properly.

Pie
Melissa baked a blueberry pie. She set it out on the window to cool. Two hours later, she checked the window again. The pie was mostly gone. She saw two fat cats with pie on their whiskers sleeping nearby.

The two girls meet
Jason wanted his ex girlfriend Lucy to meet his girlfriend Kim. He was afraid they wouldn't get along. However to his surprise, the girls really hit it off. Jason was thrilled. He was thankful there was peace.

Camping
Natalie decided that she'd like to go camping. She visited an outdoors store and bought supplies. She picked her location and set out on her adventure. She settled into her tent and stared at roof, bored. She pulled out her phone to play Clash of Clans.

Ham
Paul loved baked ham. He would put brown sugar on it along with pineapple. He forgot about it one day while it was in the oven. And a horrendous smell came over the house. They didn't have ham that year, and went out for burgers instead.

Behind the Scenes
Amazing Zane was giving a magic show at a theater in the city. A competing magician snuck behind stage to see his secrets. Zane knew he was coming, so he set traps for his nemesis. The nemesis fell through a trapdoor and into a box. Zane kept him prisoner until the show was over.

Same shoes
Kelly was very excited to get a new pair of shoes yesterday. She wanted to stand out and look different. She decided to wear them to school. Yet to her surprise her friend was wearing the same pair. Kelly was rather disappointed.

Fire Detector
Bob needed batteries for his flashlight. He decided to use the batteries in his fire detector. He decided to take a nap after putting the batteries in. Unfortunately, the gas light in his attic ignited. Without a fire detector, the house burned down and Bob burned with it.

bottles
Anna wanted to clean up her neighborhood. She took a big bag. Then she set off to pick up all the discarded cans and bottles. Anna made a big difference. And she earned a lot of money by turning in the bottles!

Running For Office.
Walter had a strong disdain for the immigrant policies in his country. Walter decided to run for office. He made some great speeches. This caused him to get plenty of votes. Walter was successfully voted into office.

Private Screening
Mike is a huge Star Wars fan. But he can't wait for the new Star Wars movie in December. He has terminal cancer and is not expected to live that long. His wife reaches out to the studio through Twitter. The director is kind enough to arrange a private viewing for Mike.

Running Errands
Kristy was going to a new part of town today to run errands. She was using her smartphone for directions. When she was heading back she was stopped by a guy in a pickup. The guy asked if he call someone because his phone died. Then he snatched it out of her hands and drove off with her phone.

Power
It was one of the worst storms I remember. The power was out for seven days. We had to get up in the middle of the night for the generator. If we didn't, the sump pump wouldn't run and basement would flood. It was one of the worst weeks of my life!

Rulers of the School
He slipped into his backpack smiling, the day had finally come! He was a sixth grader - the rulers of the school! She opened the front door and called for him to get into the car. At the drop off gate, he gave her a kiss goodbye and ran to his pals. Tears formed as she watched her little boy go off to rule the school.

The Sunburn
Joanne couldn't wait to get to the beach. She grabbed her bag. Finding the perfect spot for her towel she laid down on the sand. She fell asleep as she baked in the sun. Waking up in pain Joanne realized she forgot to apply sunscreen!

Fast Food
Larry went to get some fast food. He ate it very quickly. The next day, Larry felt sick. He threw up all day. Larry decided he would stop eating fast food.

Tim and Lott Share A Bed
Tim had a dog named Lott who was made to sleep on the floor. Lott unsuccessfully tried many ways to get Tim to let him in the bed. One day Lott hurt his leg and needed plenty of rest. Tim felt so sorry for Lott that he let him lie in bed with him. Now Lott spends every night in Tim's bed.

The slip.
Sarah was on a church trip to go ice skating. She had never done it before and was a bit nervous. When she began, she actually didn't do too poorly. With a new sense of confidence, she began skating quickly. Suddenly, she slipped and fell onto the ice.

A Post-Halloween Surprise
It was time to take the old Halloween jack-o-lanterns to the garbage. Stacie picked up the first jack-o-lantern. Suddenly, a small mouse ran out of the carved pumpkin's face. Stacie screamed. Stacie called her husband to remove the remaining jack-o-lanterns.

Carry me home
Ziggy the dog sprained his leg last week. He has been walking with a visible limp. Yesterday I took him for a short walk around the block. About halfway home, he sat down and refused to move. I carried him the rest of the way home.

Spa Day
Alissa was very stressed out. She decided to call the day off from work and give herself a spa day. She got a massage. After the massage she got a manicure and pedicure. Alissa felt very relaxed at the end of the day.

Sue Gets Sick
Sue had a really bad fever. She was too sick to get out of bed. She had to call in work sick. She spent the entire day watching movies. She felt better the next day.

Cat
Anna wanted to train her cat. Her brother had a dog that he had trained to roll over and fetch. Anna therefore decided she could train her cat to roll over and fetch. But she had no luck with either command. Anna decided cats were not very good at learning commands!

1960 Election
I was seven years old in 1960. I heard about the Presidential election. I stayed up watching tv to get the results. I rooted for Kennedy because we lived in Boston. As an adult I became a Democrat.

Sam Finds a Quiet Study Spot
Sam was attempting to study at his apartment. His roommate was being way too loud. Sam decided to move to a quieter environment. He drove a few minutes to the coffee shop. Sam was able to study in peace while having a cup of coffee.

Rotten Clothes
Every Friday, Rob was supposed to bring his school gym clothes home. But he realized he left it in his last class. The clothes stayed there over the weekend. And when the teacher entered the class on Monday, it smelled terrible. Rob was embarrassed about his smelly gym clothes.

Inheritance
Pearl had received a small inheritance from her grandmother. She was really excited to get things she had been needing. She did not take care of her money. It was all spent in no time. She was really upset with herself for not budgeting.

Started a garden
I decided I wanted to build a garden last week. After some looking, I purchased the plants I intended to grow. It didn't take long to sort out my yard. Adding the fertilizer, I waited a few days for it to settle. A few months later, I had an amazing garden!

Victory
Vickie was going to run in a race. She was really excited about it. She prepared for three months. She ran everyday. One the day of the race she got 2nd place!

Boogie Boards
Henry got his boogie board out of the garage. He carried it into the backyard. He put the boogie board on the ground and stepped on it. He practiced using his feet to steer. He pretended to fall in the water and made a huge splash!

Learning to play guitar.
Julia had just bought a new guitar. She didn't know how to play but was determined to learn. She looked up some things to get a basic understanding. Then she started learning how to play her favorite songs. After a week of practice she was doing an okay job.

Cross
Mike was an altar server. He was asked to serve on Good Friday. At the service he had to hold up a cross. Due to the weight and heat in the church he passed out. He never lived that moment down.

Billy
Poor Billy girlfriend broke up with him today. Billy was sad and asked his friends for help. His friends throw him a party to forgot about her. He has the time of his life that night! Billy is now happy and grateful for such great friends.

Sledding
We thought it would be fun to go sledding together. We went to a place that has many slopes. We went down them and were amazed by how far we flew. Each bump would send us flying in the air. It was exciting but also somewhat scary.

Cold Dryer
Kay was doing laundry and her first load was in the dryer. When she checked the dryer the clothes were wet and cold. She put it on another hour and left. When she returned they were still cold and wet. Kay realized she had the wrong setting.

Running Away
Emma decided to run away from home. She made it to the corner bakery before realizing she was hungry. She walked another block, and started missing her sister. One more block, and she even missed her parents. She turned around and went home.

So Shampoo
Mike came home one day from a jog. He smelled bad so he went to take a shower. Mike did not have any more shower gel. He decided to use dish soap instead. It worked just as well and he smelled like clean dishes.

Being Relaxed
Maddy had to take her chemistry exam today. Despite not studying as much as she wanted to, she wasn't nervous. As soon as she started the test, she moved quick. She scanned the answers that she can answer quick. Eventually, she completed her exam and turned it in.

Javier Uses Chopsticks
Javier had always wanted to learn how to use chopsticks properly. He knew he needed practice. He bought a set and practiced each night before going to bed. Finally he was a chopsticks expert. Javier and his friends enjoyed a meal together using chopsticks.

Garage
I went to the garage to grab a drink from the fridge. When I turned on the light, I saw a mouse run across the floor. I jumped and screamed with fright. When I jumped I hit my head on a light above. My head was bleeding and I went inside without my drink.

Henderson Gets A Donut
Henderson has wanted to stop by the donut shop near his home all week. However, he hasn't had time after work. On Sunday morning, he leaps out of bed to get a donut. Henderson decides to buy a chocolate glazed donut. Driving home, he is happy he finally stopped by the shop.

Job and School
Jill gets a job at a jewelry store. But her grades start to slip. Her parents tell her that she has to get her grades up or quit. Jill spends all of her free time studying and gets her grades back up. Jill is very happy that she gets to keep her job.

The Garage Sale
Carly was holding a garage sale. She asked her daughter to run the cash register. Her daughter stayed by the register all day. When they were done, Carly thanked her for helping. She even gave her some cash.

Cheese
Bob loved french cheese. Alas, he had to travel to India. French cheese was not common there. But, he discovered an Indian cheese called paneer. Bob loved it more than French cheese!

Sandwich Thief
Ed was starving when his dad handed him his ham sandwich. He had been playing in the ocean all morning. Just as he was about to take a bite it disappeared. A seagull had stolen it right from his hands! His dad shared his sandwich with him.

Friends
Billy's family just moved to a new city. He was nervous to go to school and make new friends. At school, Billy was quiet and shy. Sarah came up to Billy and introduced herself. They became great friends.

Picking weeds
My yard was becoming very sloppy. It was overrun with weeds everywhere. I put on my gloves and went outside. I picked weeds for a few hours. After I picked the weeds, the yard looked much better.

Cranberry Soup
Ellie was to bring cranberry sauce for Thanksgiving dinner. She was going to eat at her boyfriend's house. She hadn't met his parents before so wanted to make a good impression. She ended up with cranberry soup because she cooked them too long! Everyone had some without saying a word about it.

Hot Cocoa
Kim and Tim were are the park on a cool fall day. They stopped to sit on a bench and saw a Cocoa vendor nearby. Tim purchased Kim a large cocoa with whipped cream. Kim and Tim sat in the park and sipped cocoa. Kim thanked Tim and gave him a kiss on the cheek.

Practicing Piano
I went to a piano concert and fell in love with the instrument. I decided to take lessons so that I could play as beautifully. I practiced every day for years. My instructor said I had become a great pianist. I finally had my own piano concert after all that work.

Ducks
I like to feed ducks at the pond. I often bring pieces of bread with me. I've started bringing my grandson with me. He doesn't like feeding the ducks very much. The irony is that he plays a sim video game and feeds ducks in it.

Fishing
Taylor went fishing with his father. They got up very early to go to the lake. They sat quietly all day long. Finally, they caught a fish! It was too small and they had to toss it back.

Dance Shoes
Sue was getting ready for dance. As she put on her ballet shoes, her toe popped through. She had to put tape on the toe box. She told her mom what happened. They went shopping for new shoes the next day.

The check
Bill finally got his paycheck! He took it home and put it on the table. An hour later it was gone. Bill looked all over for it. It turns out the air conditioner blew it on the ground.

Roller Coaster Ride
Rina went to an amusement park with her family. She has never been on a roller coaster. Her family convinced her to give it a try. Rina got on the roller coaster with her dad and was very scared. After the ride, she got sick and never wants to ride one again.

Down Under
The Batemans went to Australia for their vacation. They decided to go scuba diving. Dad thought he saw a shark and yelped. If was only a baby dolphin. Everyone laughed in amusement.

Blue Stain
One day Sam was doing laundry. He got together all of his clothes and put them in a basket. One shirt had a big blue stain on it. Sam soaked it in a special cleaner and scrubbed it first. After the wash, the stain was nearly gone.

Make it Double
After nine months of waiting, it was Tina's big day. She was finally going to give birth to her baby boy. Her contractions were rough, but then it was time to push. The doctor pulled out her baby boy, but he had a surprise for her. Tina was having twins!

Driving Around
In the country there isn't much to do for fun. When I was a teenager we would drive around all night. We never really went anywhere. It was just something fun to do. I miss driving around sometimes.

Gas
One day I went to drive my son to a cub scout meeting. The car was out of gas. My neighbor was just leaving when he heard my car sputter. He drove back and helped me buy a tank of gas. I was very thankful.

challenge
Ava took the no-electricity challenge. She had to go without electricity for 30 days. She turned her phone off and unplugged her computer. Then she flipped all her lights off. She had to use candles to see for 30 whole days!

The lunch coupon.
Kathy was trying to pick a place to eat lunch. She dug through her wallet and found some coupons. The best deal she could find was for a burger place. She suggested it to her friends. They agreed and went there to eat.

Maurice Goes Skiing
Maurice had always wanted to try skiing in Vermont. He decided to take a ski trip with a few of his friends. However, Maurice falls when skiing a challenging trail. He needs to have cast put on his left leg. Maurice starts to think the trip to Vermont was a bad idea.

Christmas Lights
Every year my family loves decorating for Christmas. We usually put up a lot of lights and decorations. This year there was a problem with the lights. Half of them didn't turn on. We still enjoyed the effort and end result.

The Friendly Fish
Brianna loved to collect seashells at the shallow waters. While searching she felt something touch her foot. Then she saw a tiny yellow fish. The fish kept swimming around her feet. It followed her around all morning.

Lost Receipt
Jordan needed to return a pair of pants to the store. He could not find the receipt for the pants, however. He looked in his wallet and junk drawer to no avail. Jordan took the pants to the store anyway. The clerk gave him store credit and a warning for next time.

Jamey
Jamey wanted to take Valerie to the prom. He was so nervous to ask her. He felt sure she'd say no. But he summoned his courage and popped the question. Valerie eagerly agreed to be his prom date!

The library
The library down the road was full of books. The little boy loved to visit it. One day he discovered a section full of antique books. He visited every day to read those antique books. The little boy grew up to be the librarian.

Substitute
Steve wanted to play a prank on his mean teacher. He snuck into class early and put a wormy apple on her desk. Steve waited for the mean teacher to arrive. Instead, a sweet and pretty substitute teacher came in. Steve watched as she reached for the shiny apple.

Mary Visits the Shop
Mary was excited to get some holiday shopping done. She decided to head out early and beat the crowds. She pulled in her car and quickly hurried into the shop. She found a trinket for her mom and a plaque for her dad. She thanked the shopkeeper, and left feeling quite pleased.

Alarm
Every night the alarm would go off at Ted's house. Ted did not know why. He never saw a robber. Ted put a video camera by the alarm. It turns out a stray cat set off the alarm.

A lockdown at Walmart.
Tyler needed to go to Walmart. He pulled up to the store and noticed cop cars. The entire store was blocked off. The cops said there was a lock down. Tyler decided to go home.

Bathroom Break
The dog was playing with his bone. His owner brought out his leash to take him outside. The dog went to the door. His owner took him outside. The dog went inside and got a treat from his owner.

Ben
Ben went to the store to get a 12 pack of beer. Ben paid for the beer and took it in a bag from the register. As Ben was walking through the parking lot the bag gave way. All 12 bottles fell and broke in parking lot. Ben just left.

Sally's Troubles
Sally was not well liked at school. She would always walk around with a sour face. One day someone asked her was was she always so gloomy. She responded that she wasn't and her face was just like that. Word spread and Sally gained many new friends after that.

The Wait
Kim's car died and needed to be towed off the highway. Kim and Gary waited in his car for AAA with the air on. They were told the tow truck would arrive in 2 hours. After 3 hours they called AAA back to find the status of the truck. There were too many breakdowns due to the heat, the truck was delayed.

Contract Fulfilled
I was flying back to the US and booked a regional flight separately. This flight broke down and the company offered to bus us. I ended up missing my flight and had to stay the night. I knew someone loosely who was in the area so they let me stay. I got a bed and a new friend because of a delay.

The Jetski
My dad and I went to ride jet skis one day. We went to the lake and towed back into the lake. We unloaded the jet skis and parked the truck. He rode on the jetskis for 2 hours and then stopped. We put the jetskis back onto the truck and left.

Janice Takes Out Trash
Janice noticed that her apartment was getting pretty messy. She decided to do something about it. She collected all the garbage and put it into bags. Janice took those bags and threw them out. Looking around her clean apartment, she felt very proud.

Bad Kids
I was a really naughty teenager. I lived with my sweet grandmother, bless her soul. I wanted to learn how to drive so bad, but she wouldn't teach me. I made a copy of her car keys and stole her car while she was asleep. To my knowledge, she never found out.

The Little Old Lady
A little old lady stood on the street corner. It was obvious she wanted to cross the street. Then a well dressed older man approached her. They talked for a minute and then he gently grabbed her elbow. And with his guidance, they crossed the street together.

Overtime
Larry was working hard at his job. However he really wanted to work some overtime hours. It was taking to long to get them so he got a second job. When his boss found out about the other job he got jealous. He gave Larry all the overtime hours he needed.

Test
Mia does usually get good grades in school. She has a very important test coming up. Her parents said they would give her 20 dollars if she gets an A. Mia studied very hard for the test. She ended up getting an A and 20 dollars.

A better bet
Cora went with her friends to a casino. Cora forgot her identification at the hotel. Cora could not enter the casino. Cora's friends did not want to wait for her. Cora went back to the hotel alone.

Nine Candles
Jim placed the birthday candles on his son's cake. His son was turning eight but he put an extra on for good luck. He lit one candle and used that candle to light the rest. When the lights were dimmed the candles were very bright. The glowing cake was brought over to the birthday boy in the darkness.

The New Enemy
Jane had confrontation with a co-worker. The co-worker had taken it pretty hard. Jane found out the co-worker was trying to get her fired. Jane was angry. She decided to go home early instead of getting in deeper trouble.

The Prostitution Sting
On a spring day, I didn't plan to get a hooker, let alone go to jail. A girl called from behind me and I turned around. She was cute and asked me for money for sex with her. I said no and then she begged me. Inside her hotel room two cops arrested me for soliciting.

Gym Shoes
John's mom went into his room to get a basket of laundry. She smelled something terrible. She looked around to try to find the source of the odor. In the corner she came across John's gym shoes. They reeked so badly that she took them outside to air out.

Ebola
Jason was sick with Ebola. He got on a plane to go back to US. Once he arrived, he was quarantined. Jason got very sick and almost died. He recovered, but then the flight attendant on the flight got sick.

Study Group
Sue was a freshman at college and was having a hard time. She was a biology major and the classes were very difficult. She would stay up all night studying and still struggle to pass. Her roommate was also a biology major and ran a study group. She invited Sue to come study with the group to get extra help.

Alarm clock
Martha had to get up earlier than usual. She set her alarm clock. She forgot to wind it. She woke up in time anyway. Martha never found out she forgot to wind the clock.

Ben's Puppy
Ben's friend got  a puppy for his birthday. Ben had lots of fun playing with his friend's new pet. Ben decided to ask his parents if they would get him a puppy. He was upset when his parent's told him they need time to decide. They decided to get Ben a puppy for his birthday a month later.

Mike Plays Soccer
Mike gets friends together to play soccer. They all drive to the soccer field. Mike chooses the teams. Mike's team wins the game. Mike's team celebrates after the game.

Bike Riding
Bob wanted to learn to ride a bike, but he was sixteen already! He was embarrassed at his inability to bicycle with his friends. Finally he bought a bike and affixed some training wheels to it. His buddies laughed when they saw the training wheels. But they stopped laughing when Bob removed them and cycled on his own!

Lost in South Dakota
My family and I went on a vacation to South Dakota. While we were at a lake, we found a trail and started to follow it. The trail seemed like it would never end, and it was getting very dark. Finally, we saw a light in the distance, and it was from a trailer! The trailer owner gave us a ride back to our car, and we were safe!

Nadia's Shoes
Nadia needed new ballet shoes. Her old shoes were beginning to fall apart. This was affecting her dancing. Her father lent her the money for shoes. After her first dance show, she paid him back.

Erica Runs Cross Country
Erica was on the cross country team. She trained everyday by running 5 miles. She had a meet this weekend. Her parents eagerly watched her run in the race. Her parents cheered when Erica placed 1st place.

Tracked In
Dan tracked some dirt into his house on his slippers. He'd just been going out to get the paper but it had snowed. Driveway grit and sand had gotten on the bottom of them. Dan was dismayed to see it on his hardwood floor. He got a paper towel and wiped up the bits of mud and dirt.

Wasted time
I work at a place that believes in teamwork. We have team meetings all the time. During the team meetings, we discuss strategy. However, during that time I could be closing deals. It always wastes my time.

Returning
Gina and her friends weren't able to go to the library at school. Since the door was locked they needed to go back to their class. They wouldn't be able to do research for speeches. They weren't happy about this. But they had no other choice.

Vegas Casino
I only spent one dollar at the Vegas slots. I picked the slot with the cutest character on it. I put in one dollar. The game immediately gave me thirty dollars back! I decided to stop there and walk.

Sports
Ryan wanted to try out for cross country. He found out when the try outs where. Not a lot of people showed up. The try outs were still held. Ryan got on the team but so did everyone else.

A Root Canal
I had a chipped tooth, so went to the dentist. He examined it and pulled the chip out. Now I have to get a root canal. I called every Dentist in town. Finally, I contact the University, and they will do the work.

The Concert
Elizabeth won free tickets to Adele. She decided to take her best friend. They had front row tickets. They sang along to their favorite songs. It was the best concert ever.

Dan Gets Embarrassed
Dan goes to a corporate party. He can't figure out why everyone is staring at him. He starts to get a little paranoid. Finally Dan's boss tells him that his shirt is inside out. An embarrassed Dan goes to the bathroom and reverses his shirt.

Dog Bath
I had to give the dog a bath. She hates baths, so I had to pick her up and put her in the tub. Once in, she sat still and let me wash her. She was very patient and still in the tub. Once finished, she jumped out and shook her wet fur everywhere!

Daycare
Little Susie was scared to go to daycare. Her mother told her it would be fun. Little Susie cried when her mom left her. Little Susie soon made friends. Little Susie loves going to daycare now.

Trampoline
The Johnson boys had asked their parents for a trampoline. For Christmas, they got one and quickly set it up. The trampoline was so much fun. The boys were worn out from jumping on it all day. They thought it was the best gift they had ever gotten.

New bat
Tim got a bat for his birthday. It was very heavy. He was mad that he couldn't lift it. He worked out everyday for a month. After that he could lift it easily.

Class Party
Hallie is having a class party at school. She wanted to get the whole class something. Hallie and her mom went to the store. They got got a bunch of candy. Hallie is so happy she is taking all that candy to her classmates.

Sledding
Eddie and Emma went to the park to go sledding. They had walked almost a mile and were eager to race down the hill. But when they arrived, the hill was green and grassy! They despaired, but then Eddie had an idea of where they could sled. They walked all the way home and sledded on the hill in his yard!

A light is on
Paul woke up and got ready to go to work. He rushed out the door and got into his car. He noticed that he left a light on in the kitchen. Paul got out of the car and went back inside. He turned the light off and went on his way.

Music is good
My boyfriend dumped me. I was very upset. I decided to take a drive. The music on the radio made me feel better. Music is good.

Adoption
Joe was walking to school. But he saw a lost cat. He decided to take it to school and tied it up to a pole. But after school, the cat was gone. He saw someone carrying the cat.

Vehicle
John wanted to take a road trip. He did not want to put the miles on his car. He thought his car might break down on the trip. He decided to rent a car. John had a wonderful trip and was happy with his decision.

Joey's Accident
Joey was in a rush to leave the house for work. He rushed down the steps, and fell to the bottom. Joey's leg was broken in three places. He needed to call an ambulance. Joey is going to miss plenty of work while in the hospital.

The room decor.
Cindy was shopping at IKEA. She saw a cute pillow that she liked. The pillow didn't go with her current room decor. So, she decided to buy a bunch of new decor. She set it all up as soon as she got home.

Anna
Anna's big sister was going away to college. Anna wanted to give her sister a great going-away present. But her sister didn't need any textbooks or furniture. So Anna worked long hours at her dishwashing job to save money. And she was able to buy her sister a used car to take to college!

Forty Keys
Dan kept 40 keys on his key ring because he thought it was cool. He tried to get into his house but couldn't find the right key. He was tired of waiting so he just swung his key ring at the window. The glass smashed and he was able to break into his own house. Dan decided to reduce his keys on his ring to only 10.

The Dance
Whit wanted to go to the dance. She didn't have a date. She told her friends who she wanted to go with. They told him. He asked her to the dance.

Trip to the pet store
Kelly needed to go to the pet store for her dog. She searched every aisle for pet items. She found some nice toys for the dog. There she also got to groom her dog. When it was done, she went back the next day.

Ice Cream Truck
Ron and Kate were playing outside. But it was a burning hot day. They decided to go back inside. But then they heard an ice cream truck. They enjoyed eating ice cream outside together.

Hiccups
Sandy was hiccuping non stop. We took her to the doctor and they couldn't help. We flipped her and made her hold her breath and that didn't help. Finally we decided to smack her on the tummy gently. She stopped hiccupping.

Seaver's first day
Seaver is nervous on the job for his first shift. His boss asks him to get something done for him. Seaver completes the task ahead of schedule. Seaver is praised for his work. Seaver is very happy to have completed the task.

Concert
Harry loved to go to concerts but rarely did he have money for tickets. His favorite band was coming to town next month. He knew that he had to pay school fees instead of buying tickets. Secretly, Harry's girlfriend knew about this and bought him tickets. Harry was so surprised and grateful and attended the concert with her.

Dinner
Alina went out to dinner with her friend. When it was time to pay the bill, neither of them had enough for it. Alina offered to go get her wallet from home and come back with money. The manager was unhappy but agreed. When Alina returned, she promised she would never be so stupid again.

Valentine's Day
Jim needed to get his girl a gift for Valentine's Day. He was really bad at buying gifts. She liked baseball, so he got her a mit. He nervously gave it to her. His girl loved it and gave him a kiss!

Too Bored
Lucy sat on the pews in the church. She was nodding trying to stay awake. Lucy tried to fight the sleep but was failing. The sound of her own snoring woke her up. She sunk down in the pew trying to hide from the stares.

Reported Missing
Anthony went to a girl's house. But his mother thought he ran away. Anthony was supposed to travel to Mexico the following day. Therefore Anthony's mom reported him missing. Anthony's friend picked him up and took him home.

Stolen Ring
Tess was feeling quite glum this week. On Saturday, she decided to go to the mall. At the mall, she spotted a nice ring that she could not afford. Tess stole the ring and put it in her purse. Tess walked out of the mall, feeling a bit less glum.

Alex's Campaign
Alex wanted to run for class president, but Henry was running too. Henry was extremely popular and had a better chance of winning. Despite this, Alex decided to run. Alex campaigned very hard and made a lot of posters. To his surprise, Alex won and became class president.

Track Star
Jared was walking in the school hallway when he noticed a poster. Jared read the poster which advertised a track club meeting. An image of himself throwing the shot put flashed across his mind. He decided at that moment to try out for the team. He had been working out, so his next thought was that he was ready.

Pretzel Troubles
Jason decided it was time for a snack. He didn't wait for dad. He went to get a bag of pretzels. He picked it up by the wrong end. His dad followed a trail of pretzels to find him eating the le.

Snowfall
Rodney thought it was going to snow today. He wore a scarf and a hat. He even put out gloves. It didn't end up snowing at all! He was very sad.

Flu
Tito had the flu. His mom put him to bed right away. She nursed him for a whole week. Gradually Tito began to feel better. After eight days, he was back to his old self!

First Gig
Mark had been practicing his DJ skills at home for more than a year. He spent hours each day playing mixes on his turntables. One weekend a friend offered him the chance to play a set at a club. He accepted the offer even though he was very nervous about playing. The crowd ended up really enjoying his performance.

Refueling
I walked out of my workplace one day. I got into my car and began to drive away. While on the road, I noticed my gas was low. I quickly looked for a gas station to refuel. I saw one,  and pumped gas into my car.

Broken Back
The students were getting ready for the school play. Dan started to get tired of standing up for too long. He decided to find a chair to sit down. He found a breakaway chair, in which he was unaware of. The chair broken into small pieces as soon as he sat on it.

Bar and Grill
There was this rest American bar and grill near my work. They used to have the best burgers! My coworkers and I would go almost every week after work. They went out of business last year though. I guess we'll have to find a new place to go.

Battleship Sleepover
The school group planned a trip for an overnight on a battleship. We arrived in the afternoon and took a tour of the ship. The ship was huge and we were free to explore the whole thing. After exploring we were shown to our sleeping quarters. We slept all night and in the morning we left the ship.

The Loud Drunk
Every night at the bar, Roy would get wildly drunk. It was like the volume was turned up on him 10 notches. He was so loud that no one could hear the music or the TV. The bartenders did not mind him, however. Roy knew how to tip very generously.

Rotten Oranges
I was on vacation in Florida. I decided to go to an orange farm. The farmer there gave me a nice tour. At the end of the tour he gave me an orange. I ate it but realized afterwards that it was moldy so I fell sick.

Business
Tim decided to get his own business. He was selling shoes. No one came to buy any. He decided to put an advertisement on a billboard. The billboard ended up getting him many customers.

snoring
Betty's husband snores at night so much that she can't sleep. Betty tried everything to get him to stop. Nothing she did seemed to help with the noise. Betty moved out into the living room on the couch at night. Betty now sleeps soundly at night and gets a good sleep.

Easter Egg Hunt
Lyle had a plan to get the most Easter eggs. The other kids started to grab the first eggs they saw. Lyle ran to the back of the lawn where no one had gotten to. He loaded up on the eggs there. He won the grand prize, a huge chocolate rabbit!

Dental School
Jon was pre-dental. He has taken all his classes to attend dental school. His DAT scores were great. He was waiting on his acceptance to dental school. Jon was accepted to dental school.

The new toy
Amy wanted a new doll for Christmas. She showed her mother a picture of the doll she wanted. He mother told her if she was good Santa would bring her the doll. Amy was on her best behavior waiting for Christmas. Amy was so happy when she opened the gift containing the doll!

Help paying.
Rosie was at the grocery store. She was checking out but there was a hold up. A young mom was struggling to pay for all of her food. Rosie felt bad and decided to pay. The girl thanked her dozens of times and then hurried away.

Laundry
Greg was at home from college and had lots of laundry to do. He started his laundry and he put his clothes in the dryer. After 30 minutes, he checked his laundry which was still wet. The dryer was broken, so he had to hang his clothes outside to dry. Luckily, it was a hot day and his clothes dried in no time.

Thunder Storm
Mary and her family were flying home from vacation in a small plane. It was dark out when the plane flew directly into thunder and wind. The passengers had to hold on tight through the rough movements. Mary thought for sure that the plane was going to crash. When the plane landed safely everyone clapped and cheered happily.

Text Me, My Darling
Ethel was terrified of growing old alone. She kept a tight leash on her husband. Ethel couldn't allow him to go more than an hour without calling. Or texting, as he was doing when he missed the curve and crashed. Ethel lives alone, with nobody to blame for it but herself.

Fifty Sheets
Corey had to make 50 copies of a flyer for his band. He put the original down and set up the copier. He accidently hit an extra zero on the copier. Now he had to wait for all 500 copies to come out. The extra cost of the copies depressed Corey.

Neil
Neil was backpacking through Scandinavia. He had visited Sweden and Denmark. He wondered where to go next. He unfolded his map and found his next stop. His next destination was Finland!

Ice Cream Truck
Every summer evening around 7:00 the ice cream truck would come by. Billy and his sister Sam waited eagerly for it to arrive on Tuesday. Their mother had given them each a dollar to buy a treat. At 7:15 the truck still wasn't there! Finally it arrived so Billy and Sam could get their frozen treat.

Toy train
Johnny wanted a toy train for Christmas. He wrote a letter to Santa Claus and put it in the mailbox. Every day, he waited for a reply. Finally Christmas came, and Johnny rushed to look under the tree. Under the tree was a new train with a bow around it.

A Good Dog
Larry's Pit Bull was his best friend. He would even ride the dog like a pony. One day Larry's dad punished him with a spanking. The dog bit Larry's dad, defending the boy. The dog had to be put down because of that.

Take the trash out
Sam smelled something nasty in the kitchen. It was the trash. Sam was too lazy to take it out. After it became a huge problem, Sam took it out. Sam realized that he was much happier afterwards.

Pet Dog
The dog looked up from his cage, almost as if sad. Jim had a soft heart and bought the dog immediately. One day a robber tried to enter the house. The dog barked and the robber fled. The man saved the dog, and the dog eventually saved the man.

ladder stairs
They had to walk through the house with the electrician. They were asked to pick out where they wanted outlets and lights. But the stairs were not put in yet. So they had to climb these small ladder stairs that made them scared. They finally got down them and vowed to never go up them again.

Horse BBQ
Preslie made the best Memphis BBQ around. Eventually, the health inspector realized Preslie wasn't using pork. Preslie would go down to the local horse stables. He would steal a horse. And then kill the horse to make his special BBQ.

Greg Got Into the Baseball Team.
Greg was nine year old when he was trying to get into a baseball team. He was overweight, and had to shed some pounds before he could join. He train hard all summer, running laps around his block. When fall came, it was time for him to try out. He was the fastest kid on the team, and made the cut!

Final Stroke
Dan and Stan were playing mini-golf against each other. Dan took the lead at first but Stan closed the gap. At the last hole they were tied. Dan got his ball in only two strokes. Stan concentrated on his final stroke and got a hole in one.

Thrill Ride
Andrea wanted her son to experience his first carnival. She bought him a wristband so he could try every ride. But her son only wanted to ride the baby rides. Andrea coaxed him to get on a ride that promised thrills. As the ride began to spin, the boy looked at Andrea with terror.

Runaway
Katy hated her little brother. She always thought her parents liked him more. She decided to run away one day. Her parents found her crying a block away. They took her home and she never ran away again.

Insult for Christmas
My aunt gave me a small gift box. As excited as I was, I opened the box slowly. A set of shavers, body wash and conditioner was inside. I told her if the present was meant for me to clean myself more. She didn't deny that idea and told me that I really needed it.

Jake's Drive
Jake decided to take his new car out for a drive. Jake wasn't sure where to go so he just ended up driving around town. He wasn't paying attention and ran out of gas! Jake was stranded and had to call for a tow truck. Jake's car was towed back home.

Being too Hasty
My family came over to my aunt's house. We played hide and go seek. It was my turn to look for everyone. When I looked in the shower curtain, I pulled the curtains. Overall, I ended up pulling my sister's hair since she was in there.

Ankle Brace
Ray loved to go hiking. One day, Ray twisted his ankle. He had a lot of trouble walking. Ray bought an ankle brace at the store. Ray was able to hike again with the help of the brace.

The kite fest.
Andrea was at the annual city kite fest. She saw a table offering kites. In order to get a kite, you had to donate canned food. Andrea had brought a can of soup. She donated and got a free kite.

Karen's Garden
Karen went to the plant nursery to get some stuff to make a garden. She bought some vegetables and flower starters. She drove home and went to work planting these things. Once everything was planted, she watered her plants. She then went inside and cleaned herself up.

model
Kim was slim and pretty. Her family said she was pretty enough to model. So Kim decided to enter a modeling contest. She did her best to impress the judges. Sadly, though, she did not win the contest.

No stealing.
Demi was at the store. She saw some makeup that she wanted but she couldn't afford it. She put it in her cart anyways and considered stealing it. As she walked around, she wrestled with her decision. Finally, she decided not to steal and put the makeup back.

Delivery Dog
Fred is a delivery truck driver for Fedex. He always left the truck door open as he ran to deliver packages. One day, he returned to find a huge black dog sitting in the truck. He tried and tried to entice the dog out of the truck, but it stayed. Hours later, the owners came home and the dog came out.

New glasses
Elsa needed new glasses. Her eyes were getting bad. She drove to the store to get new glasses. When she got them her eyes improved. Elsa was glad to have glasses.

Roller Coaster
In 2005 I took my first roller coaster ride in thirty years. I am afraid of heights. My kids encouraged me to go. I rode the Yankee Cannonball at Canobie Lake in NH. It was a great ride and I am no longer afraid of roller coasters.

Clean hands
Tom wanted to fix his car. But he did not want to get his hands dirty. He did not know what to do. He decided to buy some gloves. Then he fixed his car without getting dirty hands.

Miles Goes for a Walk
Miles feels restless after working all day. He decides to go to the park and walk by the flowers. When he sees a couple there it reminds him of how lonely he is. After seeing the couple Miles decides to go back home. He decides not to go walking by the flowers again.

Snake
Lon was running on a nature trail. As he turned a corner he saw a big snake on the path. He didn't think he could get around it. He really didn't like snakes at all. He turned around to go home!

Jackie Quits Her Job
Jackie has worked in the same office for almost 25 Year's. One day she decides she needs a change. She quits her job and decides to take a month off of work to travel. Although she is intimidated, she is also very excited. Jackie feels grateful that she never has to see that office again.

First World Banquet
Jean put a pot pie in the microwave and set it to cook. She drooled as she anticipated the delicious meal. She took it out of the oven delicately as steam rose from it. When she cut into it, maggots wiggled out. She threw it in the trash, and had cereal instead.

Mold
Cal was about to make himself a sandwich to take for lunch. When he picked up a tomato he saw it covered in white mold. Cal threw the nasty mold covered tomato into the trash. He pondered what to make himself instead. Cal settled on packing a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch.

Christmas Tree
We went into the woods to find our Christmas Tree. We found one and we cut it down with our ax. We put it on top of our car and drove it home. Mom made hot chocolate. We decorated our tree while listening to music.

Crossing the Border
Tom was on vacation in Mexico. He drove there to visit some family. On the way back he had to cross the border. Even though there was no problem he still felt nervous. This made the guards pay extra attention to him.

The Dentist
Rachel had to go to the dentist today. She hates going to the dentist! She got her teeth cleaned and had no cavities! It turned out it wasn't as bad as she expected! Before she knew it was time to go home!

To rap or not to rap
Jim thought he was good with rhyming. His friends suggest he take up rapping. Jim wrote a rap. Everyone thought it crummy. Jim decided never to take the advice of his friends.

Training Wheels
Mikayla wanted to learn to ride a bike. Her parents bought her one with training wheels. They soon removed the training wheels. Mikayla practiced daily without the extra wheels. Before she knew it she could ride down the street with no help.

Nevin's Furniture Shopping
Nevin was fed up with his couch. He went to the store to get a new one. The salesman was very nice to him. Nevin got a great deal. Nevin is very happy with his new couch.

The Masterpiece
Erin spent her afternoon drawing in chalk on the sidewalk. When she finished, Erin marveled at her work. The sky began to get dark and ominous. Erin ran to the shed to get a large tarp to cover her work. Her masterpiece remained intact for three weeks after that.

Homeless
Anthony got asked to leave his house. His mother was tired of his laziness. He decided to get his life together. Anthony found a steady job. Eventually he was able to afford his own place to live.

Cheerleader
Beth always wanted to be a cheerleader. When her high school had tryouts she decided to give it a shot. She didn't have much rhythm but she tried her best. A week later the results of the tryouts were posted. Beth was overjoyed when she found out she made the squad.

Trip to the zoo
It was Liza's fifth birthday and her parents decided to take her out. They decided it would be a good idea to head over to the zoo. The three of them had so much fun looking at the animals. Liza's favorite animal was the tiger. None of them wanted to leave it was so much fun.

Laundry Cash
I gathered up all my clothes to do laundry. As I put the clothes in the washer I emptied the pockets. In some pockets I found money. All the money I found I put in a jar. I had found $15 in this way.

The Boat
Jackson had always wanted to go on a boat. His parents arranged to a day on the water. He was very excited as he boarded the boat. Soon, he became very sick and did not stop vomiting. Jackson decided he did not like boat rides after all.

Trip to the zoo
Mom told us to get our stuff gathered up and put in the car. We put our stuff in the car. We then drove to the zoo. We got out of the car and entered the zoo. We walked around the zoo and fed the ducks bread.

Bathtime
It was time for Myah's bath. I put in her bath bomb and took out her toys. Myah came and undressed. Then she went potty. Myah got in her bath and played for an hour.

Out of the house.
Sean's apartment was being cleaned for bugs. He was asked to leave for the day. He didn't know where to go so he just sat in the parking lot. It took four long hours. Finally, he was able to go back inside.

Cheaters
I was headed to visit my boyfriend. When I got there, I noticed an unfamiliar car parked in front. I walked in and found him in bed with his ex-girlfriend! I screamed at him, cried and ran out the door. I never talked to him again.

Kids On Swings
Gina and Lisa put Lisa's sister and brother on the swings. The pushed the kids on the swings. They chatted about boys at their school while pushing the kids. Afterwards they got hot dogs from a vendor. They had a good day at the park.

Vein Problems
Dan recently needed to get a flu shot. Dan had an appointment for the flu shot with his primary doctor today. At the appointment, Dan's doctor was running into some problems. Dan's doctor could not locate a vein to administer the shot to. Dan was told he would have to come back tomorrow for the shot.

The Spider
Dan loved to tease his sister, Alice. One day, Dan was delighted to find a plastic spider at a store. After purchasing it, he hurried home to place it on Alice's desk. He waited around the corner until she went to her desk. He found her screams hilarious!

Missed Flight
Ted had a business trip in a city two states away. He was going to fly there. He set his alarm so he would not oversleep. However, his phone's battery ran out and the alarm could not wake him. He overslept and missed his flight.

The taco spill.
Jimmy had just made some tacos. He was walking and trying to take a bite from them. The shell cracked and taco filling started to fall out. Jimmy had to clean up all of the mess. Then, he ate it all on a new tortilla.

Quick book
Allie ordered a textbook online. She bout it would take a week to come. To her surprise she got the book the next day. Allie was thrilled. She planned on buying from them again.

Fernando Visits Maine
Fernando had always wanted to see the natural beauty of Maine. One day he decides to drive to Maine and see it himself. In Maine, Fernando tries the local lobster and other food. On the last day he is very sad to leave Maine. It has truly been the trip of a lifetime for Fernando.

Choking
Valerie took apart her chicken wing. She tried to take a bite out of the thigh. After it was swallowed, it got stuck in her through. She was trying to cough it out. In addition, her friend helped her take out.

The Baby
Adam's mother told him she was having a baby. Adam wondered whether he would have a brother or sister. The wait for the baby was very long. Finally, his mother went to the hospital for the delivery. Adam was excited when he met his baby sister.

Lobster
Amy wanted to become a vegetarian. She didn't really eat much meat anyway. But she loved certain meat, and didn't want to give it up. That night her mother made lobster tails. Amy decided to postpone her vegetarian dreams until after the lobster.

Butterflies
Matthew was a butterfly enthusiast. Every day Matthew tried to catch new butterflies to study. One day, Matthew saw the rarest butterfly he had ever seen. Matthew tried, but failed, to catch the butterfly. Matthew now spends his life in search of the rare butterfly.

Duck Bills
Willie and Amy decided to pretend to be ducks. They put on yellow shirts and started waddling around. Only they realized they needed bills to really look like ducks. They painted some paper plates yellow. They attached them to their faces with some string and they had bills!

A Visit to the Beach
Sally and Sam decided to go to the beach. They packed all their things in the car. They drove for two whole hours. When they got to the beach, it was beautiful. Sam and Sally swam in the ocean all day.

Missed Malaria Vaccine
Coco was about to travel to Malaysia. Her doctor advised that she get a malaria vaccine. Coco refused the vaccine. Coco then contracted Malaria in Malaysia. Coco realized that vaccines are a good idea.

Black Friday Leftovers.
Carlin was enjoying the day after Thanksgiving with her family. Black Friday was nearly over but she decided to go out. She went to check out a toy store. Inside, most of the stuff was gone or strewn about. Luckily, Carlin managed to find a toy on her daughter's wish list.

Moving in is War
Jordan and his girlfriend of three Year's decided to move in together. They figured since they love each other, this will be the next step. As soon as they settled in, things were going down hill. She complained about dishes, he complained about his privacy. In the end, they decided to break up and move on.

The phone dying.
Monica was at the library. She needed to call a cab to go home. Then, she realized that her phone had died. She went to the front desk and asked to use a phone. They let her use their phone to call her cab.

Mall
Ryan wanted to buy a denim jacket. He decided to go to the mall. He went to H&M first. He did not find anything there so he went to forever 21. He found a nice denim jacket for $25.

Mark Makes a Friend
Mark is intimidated after moving to Boston with no friends. One night he decides to go to a bar because he feels lonely. At the bar he meets a nice guy named Charles. They strike up a conversation and eventually become friends. Mark is very relieved that he has at least one friend in Boston.

Feral Cat
There used to be an old white feral cat living under our house. The cat lived there for at least five years, that I know of. She was extremely skittish, although I would leave food out for her. One day, she limped up to me on my front porch. I took her to the local vet, who said she had an infected cat bite.

Lost Debit Card
Debby lost her debit card. She couldn't figure out where it was. She called to cancel it and get a new one. They did before any fraud occurred. She got a new one in about a week.

birthday party
My son was turning 11 and wanted to have a birthday party. We starting planning and ordered a bouncy house for the day. They came to set up the house and left it for 4 hours. The kids had a great time bouncing and playing basketball. When the party was over, they came and deflated the house.

More Talented Than Most
Charles made a record better than most musicians. But if Charles couldn't get a record deal the song was useless. He e-mailed the link to various music executives. Finally a record company representative called Charles. He said Charles had more talent than most musicians.

Where is my dog?
Audra put her dog outside to use the bathroom. She glanced away at the TV for just a moment. Moments later, she heard a crash outside. She looked outside and her fence tipped over. She then saw her Great Dane sprinting away.

Strings
The boy was playing in the tree. He put his hand in a hole on it. He felt something inside and pulled it out. It was strings. He put them in his pocket.

The Not So Magical Kingdom
My family and I decided to take a trip to the Magical Kingdom. We excitedly packed our bags and hit the road to Florida. Once we entered the first park, disappointment quickly set in. Each attraction line was well over an hour wait in the hot sun. We decided that would be the last time we visited Disney World.

Clark Watches Birds
Clark has never liked going outside. However, his parents say he needs to get out of the house more. Finally Clark gets off the couch and goes for a short walk. On his walk Clark sees many beautiful birds. Clark decides that going outside isn't as bad as he thought.

Oil Fire
Juan was frying tacos. All of a sudden a small smile started. He tried to throw water on it. That made it worse. Soon the entire house burned down.

Stay with your Dreams
Michael had a poor educational background, but wanted to be a doctor. He had to go out of country to pursue further schooling. After getting good grades, schools accepted him from his country. He continued to do very well in school. Michael is now a surgeon and is very successful.

Going to Lunch
Sarah went to lunch with an old friend today. She was so excited to catch up with her friend. They talked for hours. Sarah couldn't believe how much fun she had. Sarah hopes she and her friend can get together again soon.

The Monkey
Eddie was five Year's old and loved monkeys. His mother decided to take him to the zoo to see his first monkey. Eddie was surprised by how smelly the monkey cage was. One of the monkeys kept pointing at Eddie and picking his nose. Eddie decided he didn't like monkeys anymore.

Mom I'm Pregnant!
Anita was kicked out the house months ago. She had the perfect reason to return home, she just didn't know it. Anita came home and her mother let her in to be comfortable. Anita asked for Watermelon and received a whole Watermelon to eat. Anita's mother said only pregnant women eat Watermelon like that.

Prankster's Revenge
Joe bought a whoopee cushion to prank his roommate, Rob. Joe invited his girlfriend over to watch the prank unfold. Rob found the whoopee cushion and put it in Joe's chair. When Joe's girlfriend arrived, Rob invited Joe to have a seat. Rob got his revenge, and in front of his girlfriend!

Too Much Cologne
Bobby wanted to impress a girl at school. He put some of his dad's cologne on before leaving in the morning. On the bus, no one would sit next to him! Finally his friend Sam told him he reeked. Bobby had put on too much cologne.

Ring Bearer
Johnny was not looking forward to being a ring bearer. He had to wear a tie. But when he took hold of the ring on the wedding day he felt better. He knew he was an important part of the ceremony. And he did an excellent job.

Easy Access
My cousins were getting ready to go to the club. They had to change their appearance since they were under 21. Jane attached extensions to her head as well as Leidy. All of us arrived to the front of the club. The ticket vendor allowed us to get in without any hesitation.

Not Friends
Trey saw a cat across the street. He held out a cracker. The cat started to approach him. However, it started to run after him. When the cat bit Trey, he threw the cat on the ground and ran away.

Tokyo Trouble
Amanda always wanted to go to Tokyo. One day she was able to save up enough to go. When she finally arrived she met a guy named Stan. Stan ended up stealing all her money. Amanda was stuck in Tokyo with nowhere to go.

Sleeping Time
Danny was waiting for his friends to get home from school. He had stayed home sick, but felt better throughout the day. While waiting he ended up dozing off on the couch. Waking up later, he checked his phone and had many missed calls. His friends had come to the house, but he slept through their knocks.

Bad At Math
Jean had never been very good at math. She had to take an acoustical physics class for her degree. Her friend knew a physics professor who offered to tutor her. She struggled all semester long to understand the concepts. Eventually she passed, but still doesn't consider herself good at math.

The Car Trip
Nalia's family decided to travel to Florida by car. It was a day-long journey. The family argued along the way. Everyone was at each other's throats when finally they arrived. Nalia's family realized car trips are a terrible idea.

Broken Alarm
Todd had an important meeting in the morning. He set his alarm and went to sleep early. The next morning, he woke up passed his alarm. It turned out that his power went out and his alarm shut off. He called his boss and sadly went to work late.

The Hard Worker
Alex had his heart set on an ivy league college. He entered high school and decided to work as hard as he could. Alex joined some academic clubs and did community service on weekends. He started to achieve really good grades. Alex ended up achieving his dream of getting into the school

Meetings
Bev knew her parents were holding secret meetings. She wondered what they were doing, but she couldn't find out. The curiosity drive her mad. Then, on her birthday, she discovered the reason for the meetings. They had been planning her huge surprise party!

The frustrating dresser
Lenny purchased a dresser from a store. He had to set the dresser up by himself. He grew frustrated as he kept putting the wrong pieces together. After nearly two hours, he finally finished assembling the dresser. Lenny vowed to never purchase unassembled furniture again.

Keeping up
Brad loved to run with Tim. The went running every Sunday. However, Brad could never keep up. Brad practiced hard during the week. Soon, he was running as fast as Tim.

Disqualified
The official blew the whistle to start the race. Everyone started to run fast. Nancy had one person behind her. She decided to push her and the person ended up falling. The official disqualified her.

my coworkers.
I worked at a second shift job. All my coworkers would go out and drink after work. I was never invited. I decided to invite myself one day. Now I am always invited by someone.

The Woods
Janice just bought a new Jeep. She was excited to go exploring off road. She hasn't taken it yet because of bad weather and timing. She's hoping this weekend will be when she finally does. She says that every weekend

Uniforms
Amy played volleyball at the local high school After 1 week of practice they were getting uniforms. Amy had to walk to practice from her junior high school She she arrived most people had already chosen their uniform. Amy was stuck with a pair of short 1 size to small.

Bad fall
Kelly was excited to go ice skating. She headed over to the rink and started skating. She was having a lot of fun until she fell. She fell right on her leg. Thankfully she got back up but was in a lot of pain.

self defense
Johnny wanted to gain some confidence. His friend suggested martial arts classes. Years later Johnny became a black belt. Johnny became very confident. Johnny was fulfilled and happy with his hard earned confidence.

Gift for Ed
Ben wanted to get a special gift for his friend Ed for Christmas. He asked his mother to take him to the store to get Ed a gift. He looked through the mall but couldn't find anything. Then he asked his mother to take him to the pet store. She hadn't realized that Ed was a dog that Ben knew.

Ditched
Angela told the guys that she needs several minutes to get ready. She walked upstairs to use the bathroom. In the meanwhile, the guys started to leave the house. Angela found out that they were already walking to the van. They ended up leaving her.

Daisies
Leon was going on a date. He wanted to take something to give to his date. He needed the perfect gift. On his way, Leon went to a flower stand, and bought daisies. Leon's date loved them!

The Injured Father.
David was caring for his injured father. He would visit his father at the hospital every day. Lot's of people called David to offer him their condolences. David brought food to his father from home. David would come back home from the hospital at night.

Baby time
I was very sick one day. I was vomiting all day long. I finally went to the doctor to get a diagnosis. After tests were run, I found out I was pregnant! I was very excited and nervous to have the baby.

Mark Visits Napa Valley
Mark has always loved to drink wine. His girlfriend recommends that he visit Napa Valley to try wine there. He researches Napa Valley and finally books a trip. On that trip he samples many delicious wines. It was the perfect trip for a wine lover like Mark.

Eggs
I woke up after a long sleep. I decided to make eggs for breakfast. I was feeling adventurous so I put pepperoni in my eggs. It tasted nasty. I realized I should stick to making eggs in a normal fashion.

Good Read
I went to the dentist and waited in his waiting room. To pass the time I read a magazine that he had. The magazine was so good I took a subscription card from it. I filled it out after I left and mailed it in. Two weeks later I got my first issue in the mail.

Cool Concert
James got dressed to go to a concert. He looked really handsome in his suit. When he got to the concert, they thought he was a VIP. In the VIP section he got a bunch of free food and drinks. While in the VIP, he got to meet the band.

Vivian's trip to the dentist
Vivian's teeth hurt very badly. She decided to visit the dentist. The dentists told her she had a bad tooth. The dentist pulled out the bad tooth. Vivian never had tooth pain again.

Too Close
I tried to run in the rainy in order to get to class. I managed to make it through the front door as soon as the bell rung. The teacher asked everyone to take out their homework. When I took out mines, it was soaked. The teacher didn't accept it.

Dylan's new car
Dylan's dad is excited to give him a car. Dylan has worked very hard in school. He's met all his parents expectations. Dylan choose an economical Honda Civic. He loves his fuel efficient car.

Party
Kia was invited to a classmate's party. But she had never been to a party before and was nervous! Her mom insisted she attend the party. Against her will, Kia went. And she had a wonderful time!

Just fake it
Joe was having difficulty training new employees. The new employees cannot be trained on a subject until it comes up. His wife proposed that a simulation can be run to train employees. Joe sets up a simulation to ensure workers are competent. Joe no longer has as much difficulty training new employees

Sally's garden
Sally wanted to grow veggies. She when to the store and bought seeds. Later she picked out a spot to put her garden. Sally plowed up the ground. Next she planted her seeds.

Making Due
Sam couldn't wait to show off his science fair project at school. He woke up to two feet of snow! School was cancelled. He gathered all of his stuffed animals in the living room. They were a very attentive audience!

The Picnic
The family decided to go on a picnic. They packed a big lunch to take with them. When they got to the park, mom went to get the lunch. They had left the lunch at home. They went out to eat instead.

Netflix
I always put on Netflix before bed. I never get much further than the search though. There are just too many movies and tv shows to choose from. After searching for twenty minutes I just get mad and turn it off. I never actually watch Netflix before I sleep.

Running
Sonya was a great runner. She was always out running. Sonya was in great shape and was going to enter a race. The day of the race came and she was ready. She ran amazingly and finished first.

Dog Troubles
Dan's dogs did not used to get along. They used to bark and bite at each other for hours. It took a very long time for them to get used to each other. Eventually, they settled their differences. Now his dogs are inseparable.

When At First You Don't Succeed, Give Up
A woman thought she'd take up painting. She bought paints, brushes, and canvas. She also bought some books on painting technique. Her first attempt was a miserable failure, by her own standards. Concluding that painting was harder than it looked, she gave up.

Clothes
Raina had a lot of old clothes. She did not want to throw them out. She decided on a better solution. She donated the clothes to a shelter. She was happy knowing they would still be useful to someone!

Baby on the Run
The baby managed to get out of the tent. He ended up falling into the water. Although he was able to float, the current pushed him. Dan tried running after him before he drowned. He managed to pull the baby out within minutes.

Ronald Enrolls in College
Ronald never thought that he would go to college. After high school he had gotten a job at a local restaurant. However, one day he decided to apply for classes at a college. He was admitted to take classes at the school. Ronald felt proud that he finally was going to college.

Erin and the bug
Erin was sitting at home doing homework. While he was busy writing, he noticed a roach climb on his paper. He jumped and tried to get away. Erin reached for the bug spray in his cupboard. By the time he came back, the bug had escaped.

The lobsterman
the fisherman set out to check his lobster traps. he had placed them just a mile away attached to buoys the buoys were yellow when he saw them he stopped the boat and pulled them up. They were full of big fat lobsters

Plane Tickets
My friends tried to fly out for a wedding last weekend. They read the time wrong and missed their flight. They were able to get another flight within hours. It was at a different airport, though. They were almost late to that one as well.

Mary at the vet
Mary had a dog and a cat. The dog got sick. Mary decided to take him to the vet. The vet said the dog needed to take some pills. Mary bought the pills and returned home.

Beret
Freddy wanted to set himself apart from the crowd. He bought a beret and wore it all the time. He thought he pulled it off. His father eventually told him it looked terrible. Freddy bought a beanie to wear instead.

Football tickets.
George and his friend wanted to see a football game. They didn't get tickets in time. Luckily, they found someone selling tickets at the stadium. They bought them and tried to enter the game. Unfortunately, the tickets were fakes and the boys couldn't go in.

Snow
Alex loves cold weather and snow. He decided to go to college in upstate NY. NY has had an unseasonably warm winter. Today it was 50 degrees. Guess Alex won't see as much snow as he thought he would!

Broadway
Mary always wanted to see a Broadway show. She asked her friend Beth if she wanted to go to New York with her. Beth agreed and they set out on their way. When they arrived in New York, Beth surprised her with tickets. That night she watched every second of the show in complete awe.

Craig Hops on One Foot
Craig has walked using crutches since he injured his leg. One day his friend dares him to leave his crutches at home. Craig accepts the dare and hops everywhere he goes that day. By the end of the day Craig is exhausted. He decides never to leave home without crutches again.

Javier Scores a Goal
Javier rarely gets to play soccer. Usually the taller boys get to play. One the last game of the season, Javier has the chance to play. He runs very fast and scores a goal! The coach tells Xavier that he can play more next season.

Fishing
I had a great time fishing the other day. I was trying a new rod I'd purchased recently. With this new rod, I felt like I could catch anything. I didn't catch everything, but I sure caught a lot. I can't wait to do it again this weekend.

Susie's favorite Doll
Susie had a favorite doll She named it Annabelle and she would take her everywhere. One day Susie lost her doll at the park. Luckily, Susie's neighbor found the doll and recognized it. He brought it back to Susie and she was very happy.

Dreaded Job Interview
Ruben was so nervous for his job interview, he didn't sleep. He was a nervous wreck the entire drive to the interview. As he waited, he remembered a deep breathing technique. He started to breathe deeply and calm his nerves and mind. He calmed himself just enough to ace the interview and get the job.

Bill made the bowlers hall of fame.
Bill really loved to bowl. Everyday he would go to the local bowling alley to bowl. One day he was asked to join the Pro Bowlers Association. He won many tournaments. After he retired he made it to the Pro Bowlers Hall of Fame.

cold
Ben decided to go for a walk. But he stepped outside and shivered. The weather had turned cold overnight! Ben went back in and put on another sweater. Now he was ready for his walk!

Garbage
Jane asked Jack to take the garbage out. Jack said he would, but did not. Jane was frustrated that Jack didn't do as she asked. In the morning, Jane went to take the garbage out herself. To her surprise, Jack had already taken it out!

Bystander
Kane was taking a late night walk in the streets. When she came across the park, she saw someone on the ground. She decided to go closer to the person. When she found out that the person was dead, she was freaked out. Instead of calling the cops, she ran away due to her anxiety.

The Passport
At the airport Sheri realized she didn't have her passport. She had to get home and get it and not miss the plane! She ran through the airport, hailed a cab and headed back. At home, she dug through the box looking for the passport. She found it and made it back just in time.

Caught Up
The coach removed the starters since the team was ahead by 20 points. The bench players ran on court. In five minutes, the lead was reduced to 5 points. Eventually the other team took the lead. We ended up losing.

Enduring the Pain
My friend tried to ride a bicycle across a small hill. As soon as his bike tire ran into a rock, he fell off. A lady running across the park stopped. She asked if she needed to call for help. He immediately told her no since he felt embarrassed.

Lying Sister
Dan recently experienced theft at work. Dan found that his lunch repeatedly got stolen from work. One day Dan decided to put a small camera in the break room. Dan saw that his coworker Evan was the one taking his food. Dan was shocked by the theft of his food by Evan.

Shoulder Press
I've always wanted to be able to should press one hundred pounds. Right now I can only shoulder press about sixty pounds. My gym set me up with a trainer who kept pushing me to do more. My mix of working hard and eating healthy helped me reach my goal. A few months later I am shoulder pressing over one hundred pounds.

Ocean waves
Ellie and her friends went to the beach yesterday. When they got near they water, they put their feet in. The water was amazing. However to their surprise the wave overtook them. The girls got their clothing soaked.

Hillary
Hillary decided she wanted to change the world. She set out on a quest to be the leader of her group. She spent a lot of time meeting with all varieties of people. She told of all the great things she would do for them all. In the end, Hillary was chosen to be the leader of her group.

Solo Flight
Jack sat in the left seat of the piper cub airplane. This would be his first solo flight. The tower gave permission for Jack to take off. With trepidation, Jack speed along until the plane rose into the air. Jack was now flying the piper cub airplane.

Train
A man was running late. He wanted to catch a train. He was running fast. The train doors are almost closed. He just barely made it into the train!

The scary ride.
Samantha was at a theme park. Her friends pressured her into riding a roller coaster. She hated them, but tried to stay calm. The whole ride she was terrified and she shut her eyes tightly. She was so glad when it was over.

The New Pen
Jay was excited about the new pen he bought. He needed an excuse to use it. He decided to go to the post office to sign something random. When he went to go sign his pen didn't work. He had to use the office's old leaky bic instead.

Reprieve
Gina was being good in detention. She wanted to prove she would follow the rules. She hoped the teacher would return her cell phone. At the end of the class she asked the teacher again for her phone. To her surprise the teacher returned her phone to her.

New House
Bill and his wife want to buy a new house. They call and find a real estate agent to help them. They go and look at many different homes. They finally find the perfect home. They make an offer and it gets denied.

Cinema
Bob was bored. He decided to go the cinema. He decided to watch a scary movie. The movie was too scary for him! Bob had nightmares for two weeks.

Kids trip to the mall
Esther took her grandchildren to the mall to shop for their parents. She gave each of the children $20 to get something for mom, and dad. The oldest asked her for $20 more. Later the oldest told Esther the Ester was to get a gift for her. Esther was moved by her granddaughters kindness.

The New Slippers
Jason notices his old slippers are torn. Jason decided to get new slippers. He goes online to read slipper reviews. Jason likes a pair of slippers from an online store. Even though they are expensive, he buys the nice slippers.

Happy and Healthy
Todd likes to watch television. He is currently watching a series on weight loss. Todd knows he needs to get in shape and lose some weight. He signs up for a gym membership the very next day. Now Todd feels healthy and is happy with his appearance.

Luckiest basketball shot.
My friends and I were playing basketball. The score was tied 26 to 26. I had the ball in my hands and couldn't see anyone to pass it to. My back was facing the basket and I had no other options. I threw the basketball backwards and it made it inside the net.

Celebrating a birthday
It had come time again to celebrate a dear friend's birthday. I needed to hurry and get ready. I started by taking a shower and cleaning myself up. After bathing, I put my clothes on and headed out the door. Before I knew it, I was at the bar celebrating with my friend Jeff.

Car crash
I needed to go to the store, so I got in my car. As I was pulling out, an old lady hit me. We both got out of the car and exchanged our information. I called my insurance, and they told me to call the police. When the police got there, they took our statements.

Another Day Watching Cartoons
Ruth sat down to watch TV after a long day of work. She saw that her old favorite cartoon, The Flintstones, was on TV now. Watching the show made her fall into a sort of TV trance. When she next saw the clock, she realized she watched it for 3 hours. At that point Ruth decided that she had enough cartoons for the day.

Too Late to Act
The teacher told Nina that it would be hard to pass the class. After hearing about this, Nia decided to search for a tutor. The tutor helped her review for the final. Nia ended up getting a C, which is higher than her other grades. However, her final grade wasn't a passing one.

Penny Pincher
There was a man who scavenged the streets in search for lost change. He came across a rare quarter that was worth 50 cents. He made a note of this gain for tax purposes later on in the year. This quarter made the 50th dollar he found that year. The man figured at that rate he'll have $60 by December.

The Followers
A crowd of people began to walk through a train station. People not in the crowd took notice of them. Some people joined into the crowd and walked with them. The crowd began to grow much bigger. Soon everyone was walking with the crowd.

Hearing loss
Tammy liked to listen to music. She always listen with the volume at its highest. Her mother warned her she would go deaf. She went to the doctors to get her hearing checked. She had lost 50% of her hearing.

Internet Troubles
Our internet was spotty all weekend. We could not get amazon, cnn, or usps. The management said a technician was coming today, Luckily, my internet service was good this morning. I am keeping my fingers crossed.

Drum Set
Kim always wanted to play drums. She would bang on everything. For her birthday she got a drum set as a gift. She played it all the time. Her parents really regretted having bought it for her.

Buffalo Chicken Dip
All of the employees were asked to bring a dish to the office party. Jeremy decided he'd make his family's famous buffalo chicken dip. His mother usually helped him with the hard parts. This time, he tried to make it himself. Unfortunately, he measured wrong, and the dip was too spicy to eat.

Life May Resume
George had been feeling down in the dumps since his wife left. His friend Jim had him go out with him to a bar one night. George got somewhat drunk and started dancing. He met a girl named Alice and they hit it off well. George started to feel like he could start living again.

Mike Loses Weight
Mike's afraid that he will never lose the weight he put on in college. He decides the only way to lose weight is to get a gym membership. He goes to the gym each day and works as hard as he can. Gradually Mike begins to lose his extra college pounds. Now he's so happy he believed in himself.

Becoming a Ballerina
Denise had always dreamed of becoming a ballerina. She'd asked her mother if she could take lessons after school. She was granted permission as long as she kept good grades. She got straight A's. She was able to dance as she had always dreamed.

The Not So Cute Kitten
Kevin and Erika saw a cute kitten near their home this week. It was scared of them and they could not catch it. The next night they saw the kitten while driving in their car. Kevin got out and walked toward the cat to try and catch it. He ran back to the car fast when he realized it was really a skunk.

Larry Leg Locks.
Larry was the best wrestler on the team. He had the meanest leg lock. Every person he ever put in it had lost the match. Larry's last fight was for the championship. Within seconds the challenger beat Larry with a leg lock.

Juan Becomes a Cobbler
Juan always wanted a trade that allowed him to work with his hands. His family encouraged him to get an office job, but he refused. He met a cobbler in town who agreed to take him in as an apprentice. Juan gradually improved until he was an expert cobbler. Now he is very happy he didn't listen to his family's advice.

The Fish Story
A fisherman was standing in the river up to his waist. He saw a school of fish come at him from upstream. The fisherman cast his line to get their attention. A fish grabbed the line and yanked it hard. This caused the fisherman to fall over in the river with a splash.

Digital Watch
I had an important meeting in the morning yesterday. I made sure to set an early alarm on my watch. I wasn't able to wake up in time to make it. It seems that I set it for PM instead of AM. Now I'm being reprimanded at work.

Florist
Em liked to pick flowers and arrange them nicely. It was a hobby, but she never thought it could be a career. Then one day a friend suggested she work as a florist. Em did her research and decided to give it a try. To her joy, she became the most popular florist in town!

Morning Walk
Cindy was stressed out recently. So she decided to go for a walk. She ended up walking much longer than she planned. And she felt a lot better. She ended up walking more frequently.

Catching a Fly
I was trying to eat lunch at home yesterday when a fly flew in. It kept bugging me as I ate. It refused to go back out the window. I had to chase it around. Eventually I killed it with a newspaper.

Play
After a long day my father used to go the bar. One time he had me after school and took me with him. I played games in the corner while he talked with his buddies. We were both very happy. My mother yelled at both of us afterwards.

The Town Pool
Matthew was bored one summer day. So his mom told him to go to the town pool. Matthew went over by himself. He made lots of friends there. Matthew was not bored for the rest of the summer.

Lighthouse
Ray and Charles went to the beach. In the beach, they had a lighthouse. They decided to pay the money to go on top. Their legs hurt from all the walking. WHen they saw the top, they realized it was worth it.

Dead Body
In Anatomy class I have to work on a dead body. It was hard to go into the room. It stunk so bad. There were 5 dead bodies out. I had to leave because I nearly got sick.

Cooking the Basics
My instructor told me to wash my hands before going to the kitchen. I put on my apron and gloves for safety. He showed gave me some raw macaroni to boil. I placed it in the pot and added it with salt and pepper. 20 minutes later, I took out the pasta and it came out cooked.

Custom sneakers
Lulu loved sneakers. She wanted to get some custom designed. When Lulu went to get some, she loved them. However when she got them, they didn't fit. Lulu was frustrated.

Bacon
Jim loved bacon. He cooked it everyday. He even put it on his birthday cake. One day he got a tummy ache from the grease. So he decided to quit eating his favorite food.

Harry Potter
Ida loved Harry Potter, so one weekend she invited her friends over. She set up a Harry Potter movie marathon. Over the weekends, they watched all eight of the Harry Potter movies. In between, they snacked on Harry Potter-themed snacks. Ida was so happy with her Harry Potter-themed weekend!

Richard's Loss
Richard spent every day with his dog Spot. They loved to go on long walks together. Richard notices that Spot is getting older, but he tries to ignore it. One day Spot gets sick and dies. Richard has lost not only his best friend, but his only friend.

Movies
My daughter cannot make up her mind. She changes movies every thirty seconds. It feels like we go through 80 movies a day. Because of this, I put her movies in a place she cannot reach. Now she has to ask to get her movies.

No More Burgers
Mark used to go to the same burger joint in college. He loved those burgers so much and the prices were decent. Last week he went to his old college to see some friends. He wanted to go to that burger place but he was told they were closed. They went out of business and that made Mark sad.

Dog Walking
I needed to take my dog for a walk. I wanted to finish watching my movie first. By the time the movie was over, it had started pouring. Even though it was raining, I still had to take my dog for a walk. I regretted not pausing the movie and taking the dog earlier.

Pizza Slices
My friends and I ordered a pizza. There were nine slices and four of us. I figured out how to pick who should get the extra slice. I made everyone close their eyes and guess a number. Then I ate it.

Train ride
Sue was on the train waiting for her stop. She got really bored. She tried to fall asleep, but she couldn't. She then counted all of the passengers. Counting turned out to be very fun and exciting.

New Pair of Shoes
Kalsi could not wait to get a brand new pair of shoes today. Her mother took her to DSW so she could try on some shoes. The store was filled with hundreds of shoes to Kalsi's delight. She grabbed the nearest pair she could find and they fit. Kalsi was elated and purchased them.

A Magical Ride
Chad sat down in the car. Joe, Mike and Larry joined him. Mike put on his seat belt. Chad hit a telephone pole. Chad, Joe, and Larry left the car quickly.

Cat Flavored Butter
Lilly sent a lovely table for her dinner party. She stepped away to get some silverware. When she came back, the cat was on the table licking the butter. It was the last stick of butter that Lilly had left. She didn't tell anyone the cat had been licking it.

holiday lunch
We have a holiday lunch at work every year. They set up a bunch of tables and have a nice spread. We talk about some of our accomplishments. We also focus on our plans for the future. It is a wonderful time and everyone enjoys it.

Horse
Bay had a wild horse named Apple. He was determined to climb Apple. He climbed up on her back and they set off at a trot. But soon Apple bucked and Bay was thrown to the ground! Bay climbed to his feet, thankful he had not been injured.

Heads or Tails
Ally's was playing heads or tails with her brother. He told her if it landed on tails he would give her 10 cents. If it landed on heads, she would have to give him 10 cents. He flipped the coin 15 times and it was heads every time. Ally looked at the coin, only to find it had heads on both sides.

Dan Gets the Last Laugh
When Dan takes a job at UPS all his friends go off to college. They all laugh at him for staying at a dead end job. But Dan is more ambitious than they realize Twenty years later Dan is a member of senior management at UPS. He is making at least 4 times as much as all his high school friends.

Engagement
Yesterday my boyfriend proposed. It was the cutest thing. He put the ring in a fortune cookie. When I opened it was was elated. It was a great movement.

Bad Breath
Heather has a job at a local beauty salon. Today, she has a long list of appointments set up. The first person she welcomed was an nice looking young man. Unfortunately, he had the worst bad breath she had ever smelled. Because of his bad breath, she refused to cut his hair.

Amy and the Apple Orchard
Amy wanted to go pick apples. She asked her sister Lucy to pick apples with her. They drove at a nearby apple orchard. The girls picked so many apples from the trees. Amy and Lucy returned home with a whole bushel of apples.

Alexa's Day at the Beach
Five year old Alexa liked nothing better than a day at the beach. On Sundays Alexa's parents would pack a picnic and go to the beach. Alexa would spend hours playing in the water. One day she was frightened by a waterspout on the beach. Now Alexa is scared of the beach and rainy days.

The Dog and the Cat
A family adopted a dog. When they brought him home, he tried to attack their cat! The family started training him to get along with the cat. They worked with him for three months. One night they found the dog and cat sitting together, finally happy!

The Bull
Tom was a bull rider by trade. He would wake up early every morning wanting to ride. He would try to get on a bull as soon as he could. He would ride until the sun went down. Every night he couldn't wait for the next day to ride once again.

Putting up the tree
Every year my sister and I put up the Christmas tree. We lug it up from the basement and put it together. We hang about a hundred pretty ornaments on it. When that is done we put lights on it. When the tree is complete it looks beautiful.

Roller Coaster
Last year Bob was an inch too short to get on the big coaster. This year when he walked up to the measuring stick he was tall enough. He proudly got into the front car with his dad. He couldn't believe how much fun it was! He rode it four times that day.

Baby
Nancy had a baby boy. The baby boy was very fussy. She tried to give him a pacifier. He spit it out and cried more. Nancy gave him a bottle and he happily ate.

The broken tape.
Kelly was a toddler. She was trying to get a video to play. In the process, she managed to pull all of the tape out of the video. Her mom found it all on the floor. She tried to put it back together, but it was useless.

Bear in the woods
Maggie decided to go out for a run. She loved running in the woods. She found it relaxing. To her dismay there was a bear. Maggie jumped and ran.

While the Boss is Away...
Joe and Sally had tough jobs. One day, their boss went out of town. Joe and Sally decided to take it easy and not work very hard. Their boss returned the next day and saw that no work had been done. Joe and Sally were both scolded.

Small Fish
Adam was excited to set up an aquarium. He enjoyed choosing fish to fill the new tank. Adam chose many fish, including one that was large and showy. He dumped the fish in the tank and watched them swim around. Soon, the small fish covered the large one and began biting it.

Buns
Hans made his burgers on the grill one afternoon. His wife and son set the table and pulled out the condiments. Hans then discovered that he forgot to get buns. Hans' son suggested that they use bread slices instead. Hans congratulated his son on a great idea.

It isn't easy being green
Arnold wanted everything in his house to be the color green. He bought green dye to put in his water so he could drink green water. The first time he took a shower he came out dyed completely green. He liked the look and decided to go with it. Now his quest for a total green life was complete.

Game Winning Shot
Benjamin have the ball in his hands with 4 seconds left. He tried to run to the post. Since everyone was blocking the area, he shot a three. The ball bounced off of the net but it went back in. The judges announced the winners, which were us.

Language
Patty did not speak English. She needed to learn for her job. Patty signed up to take a class. The class was very helpful. Patty can have a conversation in English now.

Ken Goes Hiking
Ken loves the outdoors and wanted to go hiking. Ken put on his boots and drove to a state park. Ken parked his car and walked up to the top of the mountain. He took off his backpack and drank water at the peak. Ken was happy he made it to the top and then went home.

Science test
Abby was nervous to get her science test back. She was afraid the grade was going to be terrible. Even though she studied, she still felt nervous. Luckily when she got it back she got a B grade. She sighed in relief.

Firewood.
Andrea's dad asked her to get firewood. She went downstairs and then outside. In the back yard, there was a pile of wood. She grabbed a few logs. Then, she brought them inside.

The missing wallet.
Cathy was about to go inside of the grocery store. She was trying to find her wallet. She realized that it wasn't anywhere in the car. She had to drive all the way back home. Then, she was able to get her wallet and get back to the store.

record player
Ana found an old record player at the thrift store. She bought it and brought it home. Then she found an old record and put it on. She couldn't believe how it sounded. Records were even better than CDs!

The Stray
Joe was walking outside his apartment. Then, a dirty and tagless cat followed him. Joe was moved to give it a bath. Joe and the stray began to like each other. Joe and the cat were both happy to share a home.

The Radio
Today my radio quit working. I decided to fix it myself. I was unable to get the radio to work. I decided to buy a new radio. I threw my old radio away.

Tablet
Paul bought a brand new tablet to put all his books on. When he got home he noticed that the tablet had a broken screen. He had tossed the receipt and was nervous he couldn't return it. He drove back to the store and explained what happened to the manager. The store gladly returned the tablet for Paul.

Birthday Bash
Everyone arrived at the party. After they had a few minutes to get settled, an announcement was made. A horse chariot was approaching the party. Elena was riding on top of the chariot. When she got out, everyone gave her a round of applause.

Walk
Last summer I went for a walk. This is unusual for me as I had a stroke and cannot walk far. I decided to see how far I could walk. I walked about 1/4 mile and back without resting. I was very tired after my walk, but I felt proud.

Trip
My cousin picked me up from my house. Although we planned to go by mom's house, she drove somewhere else. We parked behind a gas station. She walked towards a friend of hers. They exchanged drugs.

Sam's Cake
Sam was baking a cake. He got all the ingredients combined and put the cake in the oven. He waited a while, but the cake still wasn't baked. He then checked the oven. He would remember to turn it on next time.

Camping Fun
Shaylee is an excellent softball player. She was excited for the first game next week. Shaylee decided to go out dancing and twisted her ankle. The doctors told her she would not be able to play softball this year. Shaylee sat on the bench for every game and cheered on her teammates.

Doctor
Dan became the best hockey player in his family. He was able to get a scholarship to college because of his skills. In college he noticed he loved studying medicine more than hockey. Dan decided he wanted to become a doctor. After graduation Dan went on to medical school instead of the NHL.

Going Fishing
Bob and Mike wanted to go to the lake for a fishing trip. They packed up and brought the camper so they could stay the night. Once there it began to rainy so heavily that fishing was impossible! Hoping for better weather in the morning, they went to sleep early. With clear skies at sunrise, they were free to fish all day!

Stuck in the hiding spot.
Emily was playing hide and seek with her cousins. She decided to hide inside of a drawer. No one found her, and she tried to get out of her spot. She realized that the drawer was stuck shut. She yelled until someone came to help her out.

Beverly's New Friend
Beverly was really sad since her beloved pet cat passed away. Her friends told her she should get a new pet, but Beverly demurred. She thought no one could replace Leroy the Siamese cat. Her friends decided to surprise her with a gift of a new kitten. Despite herself, Beverly was immediately enamored of the new pet.

Car Wash
Tori's school club needed to raise money. They decided to hold a car wash. Everyone came to help wash cars. Their customers were very generous because they did such good work. Tori's school club raised all the money they needed, and then some.

Nowhere to Go
He got out of work early again. Rather than being excited, he felt depressed. He had no money and no place to go. He headed to a bench and sat down. He knew he really needed a change.

Personal Trainer
Andy just started his new career as a personal trainer. He already has ten established clients he works with weekly. He has set each one up with a diet and exercise plan. He loves that he gets to help people reach their fitness goals. He also loves that he gets paid to work out!

Frustration
He always hated climbing rope in gym class. As a kid he finagled an excuse to get out of gym class. While the other kids were climbing ropes he was playing video games. He thought he was very clever back then. But as he hung from a cliff by a vine he marveled at the irony.

Domestic violence
I went to visit my ex-boyfriend an hour out of town. The first night, he started acting very controlling. He ended up beating me for hours. I was stuck there for two more days, then finally escaped. I went home and never looked back.

Wellbeing
John went to the doctor. The doctor told John that he had cancer. John chose to go through Chemotherapy. His hair fell out, but he got better. John lived ten more years.

Cindy Goes Shopping
Cindy has an empty fridge. She decides to go grocery shopping. She picks out turkey, vegetables and cheese. She drives herself home. Cindy enjoys a healthy, homemade dinner.

Night duck
Billy went to the park at night The wind was blowing drastically and it was dark He found a little duck trying to get to the pond He pushed past the wind and rescued the duck The duck was able to join up with his family because of billy

Detroit
Quinn was really excited to get a new job. She was offered one in Detroit. She was nervous about living there. She found out it was really not a safe place. She decided to stay in Minnesota.

Caught Stealing
Last week I was with my friend at the mall. She wanted to get some lip gloss from a store. I didn't think anything of it. Before I know it we're being escorted by security. It turns out she tried to put it in her purse without paying.

Rainy camping
I showed up at a campsite one summer day. I immediately began to set up my tent and work on a fire. After finishing those things, I pulled out food and began to cook. While I was relaxing, it began to rain very hard. I had to run into my tent, but the rain didn't stop until the next day.

Too Old To Go
Nicky and her sister Jimmy had waited their whole life to take a trip. They decided to go visit their cousins in upstate New York. They set out from New Mexico in their fancy motor coach. It wasn't long before the sisters realized they were too old travel. With hurting backs and numb backsides they headed home.

Banal
The group was very hungry. They saw a sign for an unfamiliar restaurant ahead. They decided to go in and try it. The service and food were wonderful! The group was no longer hungry, but had become slightly poorer.

It's Hard to Get Rid of Mice
Susan wanted to get rid of the mice in her house. She set out a no-kill trap to capture them overnight. The next morning there were three mice in the trap. She carefully set them free outside. That night the mice came back inside!

Pizza
We had pizza for dinner tonight. My wife likes the local pizza place down the street. They deliver, but she did not want to wait. She picked up a large half pepperoni pizza. My sister in law joined us as well.

Saving for a Sailboat
Kristi's parents own a sailboat. They allowed Kristi to bring a friend on their boat for the weekend. Kristi asked Carrie if she wanted to go sailing. Carrie had never been sailing but was happy to get the chance to go. Carrie had so much fun that day that she is now saving for a sailboat.

Willie
Willie walked his neighbor's dog often The neighbors paid Willie to walk the dog. While walking the dog, Willie often whistled. The neighbors moved one day without notice. Willie bo longer walks the dog.

Late to Work
I woke up late and was short on time. I rushed around trying to get ready as quickly as possible. I finally left the house only to get stuck in traffic. I arrived 20 minutes late to my office. My boss gave me a warning not to let it happen again.

Water Skiing
Robert finally convinced Henry to go water skiing. It's a tough decision for Henry, because he fears the water. It was a challenge, but Henry finally started to gain confidence. By the end of the day, he was falling less than Robert. Robert and Henry will go water skiing again tomorrow.

NYC
Susie always wanted to go to NYC at christmas time. She saved all her money for a few months. Her best friend wanted to go to NY also. They finally took the big trip this year. It was a fantastic experience they will never forget.

Track and Field
I used to run track in high school. I really enjoyed it, as it kept me in shape. One day, my knees became swollen really bad. I learned that I had tendinitis in both knees. I had to quit track immediately and seek medical help.

New Work
Jay hated his job at the call center. He walked up to his boss' office and knocked on the door. The boss told him to wait because he was busy. This response enraged Jay beyond reason. Jay kicked open the door and gave his two week's notice.

The Bad Storm
It was forecast to rain that day. The kids were sad to stay indoors. Soon the rain began to fall and the wind began to blow. Quickly it was hailing and lightning and then the power went out. Soon it ended, but the power was still out for many hours that day.

Megan Buys a Dress
Megan went to the mall and saw a beautiful dress in a shopping window. She wanted the dress badly, but could not afford it. Megan decided to get a job and save up for the dress. After lots of hard work, she eventually saved up enough money. Megan finally bought the dress and learned the value of hard work.

My friend and the airport
Today my friend was traveling by airplane to California. She asked me to drive her to the airport and I said, "yes." The drive to the airport was nice and easy. I hugged my friend goodbye at the airport as we said goodbye. I drove home and felt happy to have helped a friend in need.

horse
Emma wanted to learn to ride a horse. She thought it looked fairly easy. She signed up for riding lessons. But her first lesson was very, very hard! Emma realized that she had a lot to learn about horseback riding.

Snow
I lived in West Virginia for 6 years. Each year the winter season got pretty bad. We would get so much snow. One day we tried to go to the store in the snow. We got 5 minutes away from the house and got stuck in the snow.

Freedom of Expression
There was a school shooting that took place in my school. Several people were protesting in front of the school. They argued for better students rights and more support. A group of police officers suddenly showed up. They tried to move everyone, but they fought back.

Angie's battle
Angie had been diagnosed with throat cancer. She soon got surgery to remove the tumor. She kept smoking after surgery against doctor's orders. Soon she was diagnosed with lung cancer. She dies a week later.

The album release.
Zachary had been working on an album for almost a year. It was time for him to release it. After double-checking everything, he posted it online. Right away, people liked it. By the end of the day he had a ton of likes.

Sweat
I was late for work by ten minutes. I decided to run from the parking lot to the building. When I got to the office I was sweating! My coworkers laughed because they could see sweat stains on my shirt. I realized I should show up on time so my coworkers don't laugh at me.

Grumpy Baby
My baby would not go to sleep last night. She kept crying non stop. Finally I strapped her into her car seat and drove around a bit. It helped quiet her down but only while driving. I wound up driving for hours.

The Bike Thief
Tom went to ride his bike and saw it was gone. He looked everywhere for it. After posting flyers around the neighborhood, he didn't hear back. One morning, the bike was back in his garage. Tom suspects it was stolen.

Sushi Time!
I'd never tried Japanese food. I decided to go to the sushi bar to try it. Everything on the menu looked scary. I ordered some Philadelphia rolls. They were disgusting!

Elderly Man
Harold was a very old man. Everyone in the nursing home thought he was grumpy. One day, a nurse decided to get to know him better. She discovered that Harold just needed some company. The nurse and Harold are great friends.

Outdoors
Sarah wanted to spend time outside. She decided to go camping with her boyfriend. Her boyfriend invited his friend along. They ended up sitting by the fire all night. She wished they had spend more time in the woods.

But Full of Ice
I put on my ice blades and went to the ice arena. Since it was my first time ice skating, I was nervous. A group of people we're headed towards me. While I tried to block them, I ended up slipping. A person helped me get up.

Broken Promise
My mom promised me that we would go to a restaurant on Friday. On Friday, I asked her about what we're having for dinner. She told me that she had no money. I became extremely sad and ran to my room. She apologized for being dishonest to me in the past.

Bad Connection
Tim was on his bluetooth home speakers. He decided to watch racy content online. He put on speakers. He forgot about the bluetooth speakers. Eventually his neighbors walked downstairs to complain.

Wake Up
Allison woke up earlier than her entire family. She laid back down in her bed attempting to go back to sleep. She fidgeted in her bed and finally decided to get up. Allison ran to her parents room and jumped on her father. She now watches television, while her father snores on the couch.

Late
Tom's alarm did not go off. He woke up very late. He had to rush through his morning routine. He was ten minutes late to work! Luckily, his boss did not notice.

The Board Game
For my birthday I received a very complicated board game. It looked like lots of fun, but there were so many instructions! I set the board game up and worked through understanding it all. After the first game alone, I was ready to play with other people. My family played the board game with me and had a great time.

Cheesy madness
Arnold hated macaroni and cheese. The taste of it made him throw up. One day his friends dared him to try some. After accepting he took his first bite. Arnold threw up.

Todd Become a Guitarist
Todd was tired of his boring office job. He decided to quit to pursue his dream of being a guitarist. Todd reached out to many local music venues. He eventually became very popular with his live performances. Todd traveled all over the world on tour.

Erin and the water bottle
Erin was running one day and felt thirsty. Erin ran to a nearby liquor store to get water. The water was expensive, but he bought it anyway. Erin was excited and ran outside with his water to drink it. He dropped the water bottle and lost his water and money.

Train ride
I decided one day that I need to get away from my family for a while. The best way seemed to get a train ticket and take a ride. Went to Dallas and waited for my train to show up. I got on board and I was very impressed. Saw many impressive scenes while riding the train.

To The Classroom
Gina wasn't supposed to go to her class during lunch. But she needed to be in the classroom alone. She was stealthy as she crept down the empty hallway. She felt a rush of adrenaline as she grabbed the doorknob. To her dismay the door was locked.

Gerald and Japan
Gerald was watching a TV and decided that he wanted to visit Japan. Gerald started studying Japanese at his local college. Gerald started saving money in bank account for the trip. After a few months, Gerald had enough money and knowledge for trip. He went to Japan for a week and loved it.

Blueberries
Sally's grandfather has blueberry bushes. She loves to go pick them. However, this time she came upon a surprise. There was a snake at the bottom of a bush. Sally had to scream for help and wait on someone before.

Fake Feminist
When a new girl starts attending Alex's school he thinks she's pretty. Alex pretends to be a feminist to get her to go out with him. It works at first. But when she finds out that he's not a feminist she dumps him. Alex is kind of glad because he hated pretending to be a feminist

A Place to Stay
The hotel clerk told us our room had been given to someone else. We got on our phones and tried to find another place to stay. My wife went to the lobby and sad down. She put her phone down. Then she went to sleep right there.

Snack Break
Hannah was getting tired of doing homework. So she decided to take a snack break. She walked to the kitchen to get some snacks. But she heard her neighbor's dog barking. Hannah was unable to resume her homework after her snack break.

Feel the rain
Kurt walked down the street in the rain. His umbrella was picked up by the wind. He was not strong enough to hold it down. The umbrella flew away. Kurt felt the cold rain come upon him without the umbrella.

Nails
Evan wanted to stop biting her nails. So she bought some acrylic nails. She put them on over her real nails and painted them. When she went to bite her nails absently, she encountered acrylic! Evan was finally able to stop absentmindedly biting her nails!

Hell Hath No Fury Like A Cat Chasing A Thing
Harry loved teasing the cat with the new laser pointer. Soon after his mom bought it, neither he nor the cat could get enough. The cat would chase the red spot darting across every bit of the room. But maybe Harry should have learned a little bit more restraint. His mom wasn't happy after he shined the spot on her precious vase.

Broken Alarm Clock
Samantha had work early in the morning. She set her alarm to 6 AM. Her alarm did not sound in the morning. Samantha overslept by 1 hour. Samantha realized her alarm clock was broken and threw it out.

The Eye Socket
Sinclair lost his eye in the war. He wore a patch, but underneath he had another surprise. He used his eye socket to hide cocaine. Sinclair was the best drug dealer in Boston for that reason. Until one day he overdosed and died.

Cruise time
It was Jim and Stacey's anniversary. The two decided to go on a cruise to celebrate. They had so much fun and the view was amazing. They met other couples on the trip that were also celebrating. They decided to make it an annual recurring trip.

The Orange Shoes
Michael went to the store with his dad to get new shoes. The latest trendy shoes had just arrived at the mall. Michael did not ask for them because he knew they were expensive. His dad saw him looking at the orange shoes through the store window. His dad asked him if he thought they had his size as he walked in.

Bus
Stephen was worried that he couldn't get home to see his family. Because he had so little money he knew he couldn't fly. Someone suggested he take a bus so he looked into it. He found out the bus was half the cost of an airplane! Though it took a little longer, he could go see his family on the bus.

Brad's Dog
Brad loved to play with his dog. He would always go to the park with her. One day he lost his dog at the park! He finally found her behind a tree with a litter of puppies! Brad's dog was a new mother!

Too Crowded
I came to the party with my family. Since the place was crowded, I lost contact of them. However, they ended up finding each other except me. They also left the party before I found them. My friend had to take me home from the party.

Songwriting Struggle
A musician needed to release a single for his record label. He sat around his house trying to come up with ideas. He could not come up with any good ideas and he felt bad. Suddenly, a melody he played caught his attention and inspired him. The musician worked the song out and sent it to his label.

Application
Joe is applying for college. He is really nervous he is not going to get into a school. He sends in his application and waits. The anticipation killed Joe as he had to wait a whole month. Finally he got a letter back, and he was accepted.

Watering the Plants
I decided to go on vacation for a week. While on vacation, I realized I forgot to water my plants. When I came back, my plants were on the brink of death. I watered them, but many did not survive. I realized I should take better care of my plants.

No Sleep
Gina was trying, and failing to fall asleep. She had been in the car for only and hour but it felt longer. She could hear all the noise the kids were making. She could hear the chewing as her sister ate a sandwich. Gina felt trapped and hopeless as the car crept through the traffic.

The diet
Mark realized he was overweight and decided to go on a diet. He bought some sugar-free cream that was 10 calories a serving. Every day he would pour this cream into his coffee. After a month he found out that he gained 10 pounds. The label said it was 100 calories, not 10, thanks to a smudge on it.

Inspector Gadget
In 1999 McDonald's was giving away Inspector Gadget figures. Each Happy Meal had a part of the figure. My son tried to get all the parts. We bought a lot of meals and finally got the last part one day. My son is 27 and still has the figure.

The eye surgery.
Missy was finally able to get lasik eye surgery. She hadn't been able to see for so long. She went in one morning for her operation. Then she recovered for a few days. Finally, she could see much better.

Quentin Learns History
Quentin had always wanted to know more about American history. He decided to visit Washington DC to learn more about America. In Washington he visited many museums and learned very much. It was an informative trip. Quentin was very happy he had visited Washington, DC.

Buying a Christmas Tree
Mary and Bill wanted to get a Christmas tree. They bundled up and headed to the tree farm. Mary was being really indecisive, finally Bill found the perfect tree. Once they got home and carried it inside they set it up. Mary hung ornaments and lights, then sat back to admire her hard work.

Gas
I was cooking chicken on the stove. I forgot to turn the gas off. It ignited and set my house on fire. I had to quickly evacuate. My dog died in the fire.

Romeo's Race
Romeo thought he was the fastest kid at school. Romeo challenged his friend to a race on the track. Both of the racers lined up and prepared to take off! However, Romeo's foot slipped and he ended up tripping himself! He skinned his knee badly and was taken away to the nurse.

Trip to Miami
It was Ariana's birthday and she decided to go to Miami. She decided to get a bunch of friends together for the trip. They all flew first class together. The trip was amazing and there was no trouble whatsoever. Ariana couldn't wait to go back.

Don's store trip
Don had asked Rob if he need to go to the store Rob had said he did not So don had to go to the store by himself He went and bought all the groceries He had a lot of groceries to pack into the car by himself

Robot
Billy decided he wanted to make a robot. He worked for many months to get it just right. Once finished, he wanted to show it off. Billy took the robot to school to show his friends and teachers. When he turned the robot on, it exploded in flames.

Bubblegum
I had a strange craving for bubble gum. I bought a pack at the checkout line. In the car I put three pieces in my mouth. It reminded me of being six years old. After a few minutes I spit the gum out the window.

Bubble Gum Challenge
Eric and Fred were bored. Eric had a bunch of gum left over from Halloween. He challenged Fred to see who could put more in their mouth. Fred couldn't fit another piece in after 14 pieces. Eric made it all the way to 18 before he had to stop.

Tree
Debbie's cat was stuck up in the giant oak tree. She was too embarrassed to call the fire department. A neighbor suggested she make some cooing sounds to bring it down. Debbie made the best soothing sounds she could. A hawk heard them and flew by, snatching the cat from the tree.

Detention
Hannah skipped her history class two days in a row. Because of this, the teacher gave her a note. The note explained that she had to go to detention. Hannah showed up for the detention and did her homework. Afterwords, she was glad to be done with it.

Who's Birthday
It was my birthday. I went to school. I waited all day to go home and have my birthday party. I was very excited. When I got home the party was set up for my brother.

Birthday Gift
I bought a birthday gift for my wife. I cannot get out of my home alone. I had my son get me a gift bag. I put the gift into a bag and hid it. I will give it to her tomorrow.

Apple Pie
Sara had never made a pie before. But she had a bushel of apples, so she decided to try. She put the sliced apples in a premade crust and baked her pie. She tasted it when it was ready. To her delight, her pie was delicious!

Dentist Appointment
Tim had a dentist appointment at noon. He made sure to leave the house early so he would get there on time. On the way he got a flat tire. He had to cancel his appointment. A tow truck came and drove him home.

Pedicure
Anna went to the local nail salon to get a pedicure. She sat with her feet soaking and felt very relaxed. She unknowingly drifted off to sleep. Everyone laughed as she snored away. Anna awoke with drool running down her cheek and was horrified!

Trip to Los Angeles
I was super excited to go on a trip to Los Angeles. I had never been before. The flight was long but well worth it. As soon as I got to my hotel room I was amazed. The city was beautiful.

The icy road.
Max was coming home from a camping trip. He had to go through a mountain pass. That day, a huge ice storm had come through. As he drove down the road, he swerved a lot. Max was really afraid, but luckily he made it through the pass safely.

Bench
George wanted to be an Olympic benching champion. So he bought a weight set and bench. He lifted weights almost everyday. His muscles grew and he got stronger. However, he never became a champion.

Noelle
Noelle is running for student council. She prepares a unique tagline. She give out free gum. her slogan is "Stick with Noelle" Noelle wins her election.

Boat
I wanted to go to Guam. But, I was scared of airplanes. So, I decided to take a boat. Alas, the boat capsized in the middle of the pacific Ocean. Luckily, I was saved by the Navy!

Valentines Date
Bob called Erica to ask her to a Valentine's Day date. She told him yes that she would love to go with him. He was excited about the upcoming date. He planned everything for the perfect night. When he picked her up she was smiling and happy.

In the Car
Jane needed to get something from her husband's car. In the car she found a burger wrapper. Jane had been cooking healthier meals and this upset her. She confronted her husband about the burger. He realized she was right and stopped eating fast food.

Rob wanted to go to BK
Rob wanted to go to Burger King for dinner He really wanted to try the new Grilled hot dogs He looked at the menu online and discovered that they were expensive He talked it over with his girlfriend until they made a decision They decided to just try them at least once

Graduate School
Mark wants to be a scientist. He decided to go to graduate school. While at school, Mark studied very hard. He graduated with highest honors. Mark has a great job as a scientist now.

Lester Eats Tacos
Lester is walking home after a long day of work. On his walk, he realizes that he doesn't have much food at home. Lester decides to stop at a food truck to get dinner. He eats two delicious pork tacos. Lester feels grateful to have good food trucks in his neighborhood.

The Walk
One day I was sad so I decided to walk my dog. It was a beautiful day and we were having a great time walking. Suddenly I watched as a car ran over a squirrel. It was an upsetting thing to witness. I went back to being sad the rest of the day.

The Park
It was a warm, sunny day in February. My kids and I decided to go to the park. The kids went down the slide and I caught them. We also all swang on the swings. After the park we walked home and had a snack.

Early Day
The teacher was reviewing the homework in class. He dismissed us an hour early since he had to fill out paperwork. I decided to go to the mall with my friends. We visited several outlet stores and ate food at the food court. I had a good time.

Religion
Abe was feeling down so he put on some religious music. He was so inspired he decided to go to church. When Abe got there he knew he'd made a good decision. He was very happy to be in the room with all the strangers. Abe felt much better about himself as he looked down on them.

The End of the Movie
Lucy missed the end of a movie. She decided she wanted to see it before someone spoiled it. She asked her grandpa to take her Blockbuster to rent the movie. He was simply too busy to take her. Lucy was upset because she really wanted to see the end of the movie.

Mean girl
My parents had dressed me up in an awful Easter outfit. I was very mad about it and wanted to rip it off. They made me sit in grass and take a picture. I was so mad, that I refused to smile and put grass in my mouth. They still snapped the picture, and kept it to this day.

Snowed The Night Before
It had snowed the night before. Bob's driveway had 10 inches of snow. He had to get to work in the morning. He shoveled the snow out of his driveway. Afterwards, he was able to successfully back out his car.

Thanksgiving Turkey Fire
It was Thanksgiving day. Martha was cooking turkey for her family. She put a frozen turkey directly into the deep fryer. The deep fryer created a huge fire. The fire completely decimated her backyard porch.

Train Fears
Bill went to take a train to the next town over. He stood on the tracks and waited for the train to come. Once the train arrived it was already very full. Bill was uncomfortable getting on such a full train. The train left without Bill and he waited for the next train.

Heavy Lifting.
My parents bought me a bench set to lift weights on. My parents warned me to not bench weights without a spotter. I decided to go against their wishes and bench some weight. Usually I have no problem benching weight, but my arm just gave out. The weights fell down on my chest and I had to go to the hospital.

The Vacation
My wife and I decided to take a romantic vacation. We left our kids behind with relatives. We had a nice time and saw beautiful places. It wasn't enough. We are still going through with the divorce.

Vacation
Marie had accumulated two weeks of vacation time at work. She told her boss she wanted to take her vacation in July. Her boss agreed and gave her two weeks off in the middle of July. Marie thought about her options and decided to go to the beach. She booked a hotel room with an ocean view and had a blast.

Family Vacation
Renee's family was going on their annual family vacation. The vacation was a 15 year tradition for the family. Unfortunately, Renee was sick and unable to go this year. Her family decided to go another weekend instead. Renee and her family got to enjoy their vacation together.

Rabid Dog
Jennifer was walking down her driveway to go to her car. As she opened her door, a large dog began to run at her. The dog was barking and foaming out the mouth. Jennifer hopped into her car, closed her door and began to drive away. She sped away as she saw the angry dog disappear behind her.

Snow Day
Kim dreaded having to go to school. She felt sick and had to take an exam that day. Her mom stopped her as she was about to leave for school. Her mom told her that school was canceled due to the snowstorm. Kim was elated and spent the rest of her day watching movies.

I run to the bus.
I get up around six in the morning, and start to get ready for school. I put my on my clothes, my shoes, and go into the kitchen. Once in the kitchen I make my lunch and keep an eye on the time. When I am done making my lunch, I realize that I'm going to be late. I leave through the kitchen door, go outside, and run to the bus stop.

The storm by the sea
Larry and his dad got up early to go fishing. They drove out to the coast with their boat. After loading the boat, the pair took off to go fishing. Only a few minutes into their journey, it became extremely stormy. They fled back to the beach and rushed home, drenched in water.

detox
Jim was an alcoholic. One night he was arrested and jailed for drunk driving. The judge ordered him to go to detox. Jim resented the three days of misery he spent there. When they released him, he headed straight for the nearest bar.

Tara's Dog Has Fleas
Tara's dog had fleas. She tried to give the dog a flea bath. The flea bath did not help Tara's dog. Tara took the dog to the vet for flea medicine. The flea medicine killed the dog's fleas.

Low Mow
Hank went to his shed to get his lawn mower. He adjusted the blade so it would cut the grass very low. Hank started the engine and began to mow. His yard looked very tidy with such short grass. Hank marked the setting he used on the mower for next time.

A Life Lesson
Julian began smoking cigarettes at a young age. He did hid it from his parents so that he wouldn't get in trouble. One day at school he got caught with tobacco and received a ticket. He was grounded for 6 months and had to take class about tobacco. Julian swore to himself that he would never use tobacco again.

metal detector
Anna was trying to board her plane. But she couldn't get through security. The metal detector kept going off! Then she realized why. She had forgotten to remove her metal tongue rings!

Evening Walk
Jim and Mary took a walk together at night. They had been dating for a few weeks so this wasn't a new activity. All of a sudden a clown burst out of a building shouting run! They ran away from the clown and the building as it crumbled. They were afraid of clowns after that.

Friends lunch
Amy was going to the break room to get ice. Her friend Troy was having his lunch. Amy wasn't on break, but decided to chat with Troy anyway. 20 minutes later Amy was still with Troy. She crept back to her desk hoping not to be seen by her boss.

Chile
I was fired from my job. I decided to travel before looking for another job. I decided to go to Chile. I loved Chile! I decided to stay in Chile and teach English.

Alex Learns French
Alex has always wanted to visit Paris. He decides to learn French to make his visit more special. He enrolls in a French language course after work. Alex works very hard to master French. Finally he is ready for his big trip to Paris.

Trip to the Grocery Store
Sarah needed to go grocery shopping. But Sarah also wanted to take a nap. Sarah decided she needed to go grocery shopping first. Sarah went grocery shopping,  then returned to her home. Sarah decided to take a nap since she was done grocery shopping.

The garden.
Carly decided to build a garden. She bought all of the materials at a nursery. At home, she set up the beds and a fence around them. Then she planted seeds. Finally, she marked each pot so she knew what was growing.

Bob Gets Snow Tires
Bob needed to get new tires. It was beginning to snow and his tires were worn out. He went to the store to purchase tires. He was able to get a discount on some new snow tires. He got them installed the next day.

Dirty Socks
Ken didn't have any clean clothes He needed to put on socks. He decided to borrow some from his brother. He looked around his brother's room. Unfortunately his brother didn't have any clean socks either.

The three pointer
There was 3 seconds left, they were down by 2. Everyone knew It would take the shot. So I got the ball, but he passed to Zach! Zach had to shoot the clock was running out! He was so deep he shot a 3 pointer, he made it, they won!

overtime
Kana's boss asked her to work overtime. Kana was very tired. She didn't want to stay any later than she had to! She coughed and told her boss that she was feeling ill. Luckily, Kana's boss accepted her excuse.

Ben
Ben bought a cabin in the woods. Ben never had much time to get out to it because of his job. Ben thought maybe he should sell it but he didn't want to. Finally he decided he would find a better job. After Ben got a better job, he spent more time at the cabin

The Proposal
Jake was out on a hike with his girlfriend. When they reached their destination a camera was set up. Jake proposed in a scenic setting. His girlfriend was shocked and said yes. Jake was happy and has a great picture

No rest for the weary
Alexandra was so very tired. She decided to go to sleep. Her neighbor started playing the trumpet loudly. Alexandra went over and asked him to stop. She was about to go to sleep when a marching band rolled by.

Snowy Roads
Sam knew the snow storm was bad. He still decided to go to the store for some beer. Along the way Sam's car spun out of control. It slid into oncoming traffic and was hit head on. Sam died on the way to the hospital.

Children's Toys
My nephew has a lot of actions figures. He's always leaving them all over the house. I told him that they need to go back to their lair. That way they won't be attacked by surprise. He agreed and cleans up his toys more now.

Late for Work
Tom left his house to go to work. He hit a traffic jam on the way. Tom realized he was going to be late for work. He called his boss to let him know. Tom arrived at work 15 minutes late.

Audio Test
Rick was eighty years old and was a bit hard of hearing. His wife took him to the doctor to get his ears checked. At the office, Rick was subjected to nearly an hours worth of exams. The doctor told Rick he needed a hearing aid. Rick already knew that and agreed to wearing the electronic device.

Old Truck
I collect old cars. It's difficult to find parts for them. I have to go to swap meets every weekend. Last week, I found an important piece. Today, I can finally finish that pick up truck.

Marcus Does Pushups
Marcus wants to exercise but he doesn't want to leave the house. He considers jumping jacks but is afraid of knocking something over. Marcus decides to try doing push ups in his bedroom. He does 20 pushups and then begins to feel tired. Marcus is happy he was able to exercise at home.

Horrible headache
I was up all night studying for an exam and got a terrible ache. I was tossing and turning in bed and didn't know what to do. The pain would not go away. I tried very hard to forget it. Finally I took an Advil and felt better soon.

The Bullies
Ally was constantly getting bullied by girls in her class. It was starting to get so bad that she would not want to go to school. Her mom noticed this and called the school to complain. The school said there was not much that they could do. So Ally decided to get the courage to stand up to the bullies herself.

Chalkboard
Bob was a professor. He was trying to give a lecture. The students were being rowdy. He decided to run his fingernails down the chalkboard. The sound made the students be quiet.

Garden Flowers
I have a wonderful garden full of flowers. I thought, "today I will pick some to give away." I gathered the flowers neatly into bunches. I visited some of my neighbors to give them flowers. It was nice to see how happy they were with the bouquets.

Sarah The Babysitter
Sarah was babysitting her neighbor's kids. They were throwing a tantrum. Sarah decided to put on a funny movie. She put on Shrek on the TV. The kids were able to calm down and watch the movie.

Dennis Misses his Exam
Dennis had a big exam at 10 in the morning the next day. He stayed up all night studying for this test. At 8 in the morning he decided to take a quick nap. When he woke up it was 12pm. He got a 0 on the exam and had to drop the class.

Cruel Joke
The teacher put a problem on the blackboard. She told the students the first to solve it gets a free homework pass. Everyone worked very hard on it all day. By the final period, no student figured it out. The teacher laughed and told them it was impossible to solve.

Moving Out
Zach was getting tired of living with Jen. He said he would move out in 2 months. 1 month went by and he couldn't stand it anymore, so he moved out. He didn't have a place to go, so he lived in his car. Weird how Zach is now happier than he was in a house with Jen.

Troubles with Roomba
The automated robotic cleaner was cleaning the floor. Fluffy always looked forward to playing with the Roomba. He played dodge with the Roomba, making its sensors go haywire. The roomba finally gave up its battery charge and went to recharge. Fluffy felt victorious yet again and went back to sleep.

First Day of Volleyball
Amy was excited to go to volleyball practice. It was the first day and she was pumped. She played hard, but the other girls were really good. After 3 hours of practice she had only scored 3 goals. She was embarrassed since that was the lowest number on the team.

Tire Change
One day I was out riding my bike. All of a sudden the front tire popped and I almost wrecked. I had to call my friend to come and give me a ride to the bike shop. They replaced my tire so I could ride home. I was so exhausted that I went straight to bed.

Skating
Tom and Chris were best friends. They enjoyed skating together. They decided to visit a lake. The lake was frozen over since it was very cold. They decided to ice skate across the lake for fun.

Snowy Weather
I told Bill not to go to Lansing. The weather was getting really bad and I was worried for Bill. We were supposed to get 5 inches of snow in an hour! Bill still drove 2 hours to get to Lansing. He got in an accident on the highway, he should of listened.

Didn't Get One
Gina didn't get a new Trapper Keeper. Her mother wouldn't spend the money. In class 2 more of her friends had new trapper keepers. Gina was the only one who didn't have one. She lied and told her friends they didn't' have any at the store.

Lemonade Stand
Bonnie and Susie worked all morning to make lemonade. They had a stand set up outside to sell it. They got all set up. Minutes later it started to rain so they had to go inside. They had to drink all the lemonade themselves.

Connor
Connor was a very sweet boy who always smiled. No matter what was happening, Connor had a good attitude. One day, another boy tried to get him to be upset. The boy picked on Connor and made fun of him, but it didn't work. Connor stayed happy because he always had a great attitude.

The Big Test
Sandra had a big math test on Tuesday. She needed a grade of at least a B to pass the class. Sandra got tutoring help from Ben and studied every night to prepare. On the day of the test, Sandra was nervous. Her hard work paid off and she got a B+ on the test.

Untied Laces
Bobby shoe laces were always untied. His mother told him he was going to trip and get hurt. He never did, so he didn't worry. Then one day at school as he was going down the stairs. He tripped on an untied lace and broke his wrist.

Breakfast
I am retired on disability. I had a stroke and cannot walk well. I make my own breakfast, carrying items from kitchen to living room. I made up a mnemonic device listing everything I need to prepare. This lets me take out everything I need for breakfast in one trip.

Salon Switch
Cheyenne graduated from cosmetology school and got her license. She rented a booth in an established salon. Over the next month or so she attempted to get new clients. However, it was very hard to do since the salon had no walk-in hours. She decided to rent from a different salon instead.

Jane and the Circus
Little Jane was very excited to go to the circus. Her parents bought tickets for the whole family and went that day. When they arrived, Jane ran out of the car to go see what she could. Almost immediately Jane ran back in tears to her parents. It turned out Jane was afraid of clowns, so the whole family went home.

Destiny
Tim had spent the entire day working on his yard. Looking up at the sky he noticed it was turning greenish blue. Knowing the signs, Tim called for his family to get inside the house. After a few minutes, a large funnel cloud began to form in the sky. Tim went to the basement with his family, avoiding the tornado.

club
Jessie wanted to go to a new club everyone was talking about. She and her friends dressed in their nicest club attire. They walked into the club. Everyone was giving them attention. They felt anxious and then left.

Ripped stocking.
Aubrey and her family were decorating for Christmas. She was going to hang up her stocking. Suddenly her bracelet caught in the yarn. Her stocking got a huge rip through it. Aubrey was so upset but luckily her mom was able to fix it.

Counting Cars
Ellie's car broke down near a tunnel. She called a tow truck to get her car to a shop. While waiting for the truck she counted the cars going in the tunnel. By the time the truck came she counted 133 cars. By the time she left the area she counted 274 cars.

New Sweater
Janie got a brand new sweater for Christmas and it was beautiful. She could not wait to wear it to school to show everyone. The sweater was a light gray and cashmere from J Crew. Janie always felt confident and cool while wearing the garment. When she wore it to school, she got many compliments.

Cassidy Plays Hopscotch
Cassidy wants to find a way to pass the time on a Saturday. He goes outside, but he still feels bored. Cassidy decides to play a game of hopscotch. He plays for a few hours. When he gets home he feels glad that he played hopscotch.

The leggings
Kim bought a pair of jean leggings from Walmart. She bought them in a large, but as she put them on they were too tight. She pulled the pant from the bottom hard to pull her foot into them. She heard a rip and looked down. There was a hole in the seam of her brand new pants.

Public Speaking
Tanya had always been very shy, and didn't like speaking in public. She knew it was a fear she'd need to overcome to be successful. She decided to take a class on public speaking. The class involved presenting speeches to classmates in small groups. Tanya became more confident that she could speak in public.

Boris the Butcher
Boris wanted to become a butcher when he grew up. His parents wanted him to study and go to college. Boris applied to many apprenticeships instead of for college. He began to work at a small butchery. After many years, Boris has his own shop and was very happy.

Skip School
Robin's mom had already left for work. She decided she was too sick to go to school. There wasn't much in the house to eat. She made a bowl of cereal and went back to bed. She ate cereal while watching reruns of old TV shows.

Ernesto's Lunch
Ernest wanted to get some lunch. He walked to his local McDonald's and picked two. He loves his burger, but the chicken left much to be desired. Ernest complained. He got a free soda.

Swimming in the Pool
My dad bought a new pool for the house today. We all help him set it up in the backyard. When it is finished, he says we can try it out. I go put on my bathing suit. My siblings and I love our new pool.

Bailing on the plan.
It was the fourth of July. Sean and Sara were supposed to go see the firework show. At the last minute, Sean didn't want to go. Sara argued with him. Sean promised to make it up to her.

Crossing the road.
Allie wanted to get a cheeseburger. The restaurant was across the highway. She stood beside the road and waited for a break in cars. Then, she bolted across the highway. Finally, she was able to get her burger.

Sing Again
Millie loved singing in choir. She tried out for this year's choir but she wasn't selected. She didn't let that get her down. Millie formed her own small choir. They would sing at the nursing home and she was content with that.

Movie in the park
The city park was putting on a public movie. I stopped by when the movie was starting. I set up a blanket and ate snacks while the movie played. I finished the movie and picked up my stuff. I went back to my car and drove home.

Best Friends Instead
Tim was the lead trumpet player in the marching band. He was handsome, talented, smart, and a senior. Lynn and Ann were only in their freshman year but they both liked Tim. Tim didn't even know either one of them existed. Finally they forgot about Tim and became best friends instead.

Christmas Day
Adee couldn't wait until Christmas. She saw the tree with all the gifts under it. On Christmas morning she went down to open gifts. She opened the biggest box first. It was exactly what she wanted!

The Barn
Fiona loved to go to the barn to ride her horse. As she drove up to the barn she saw horses on the road. She stopped her car and ran to get help from the other horse riders. Fiona along with the other owners herded the horses back into pasture. The horses were safe and Fiona could now go for a ride.

Rainy Day
I was very excited to go downtown to do some shopping. I woke up in the morning and got all dressed up. I looked out the window and saw it was raining very heavily. I became very sad. So I stayed home by myself all day instead.

Tonsils
Mick always got strep throat. At least twice a year he'd be too sick to go to leave bed. His doctor told him he needed surgery to remove his tonsils. Mick was horrified but would do anything to stop being sick always. The surgery went great and Mick was happy about his ice cream diet.

Ferris Scare
Matt was deathly afraid of heights. His girlfriend really wanted to go to the fair. Upon arrival, she wanted to ride the Ferris wheel. They rode it, and he pretended not to be scared. He decided he will be ok with heights, as long as he can pretend to be.

Barber College
Sue and her roommates were on a budget. They went to a barber college to get cheap haircuts. Sue watched her pals getting stylish cuts. Then, Sue sat down nervously for her turn. The barber said she was his very first customer.

Big Black Truck
I have always dreamed of travelling in a huge RV. I finally made that dream come true and bought one. I had to get a truck big enough to pull the RV, so I searched. I found a giant, black, beast of a truck that was perfect! I hitched her up and set off down the road.

Greece
Neil was visiting Greece. He couldn't wait to see Athens! He was very interested in Greek history. His first stop was the ancient Acropolis. He took a guided tour and learned so much about the ruins!

The Flowers
Sandy enjoyed breezy, summer days. She would go outside during the nice weather. While outside, she would go for walks and pick flowers. Arriving home, Sandy would put the flowers in a nice vase. This allowed her to smell the wonderful scents all week long!

Lucky Wasn't a Lucky Kitten
Becky had a kitten named Lucky. She loved Lucky with all her heart. Lucky liked to play and hide in the bathroom floor. Becky's dad stepped on Lucky's head when he went into the bathroom. Lucky died that day from a crushed skull.

My Time Travel Romance
Abby met the time traveler at a restaurant. She met him again in apartment, wearing considerably less. Abby couldn't get the scientist out of her head. Weeks went by, and the affair went down in her notes again and again. Abby couldn't decide how to end the sci fi story she was writing.

Tom's Toast
Tom loved to eat toast in the mornings. Every day he would eat two slices slathered with butter. He put his two pieces into the toaster, just like every morning. However, today he forgot to take them out in time! Tom's toast was burnt to a crisp!

Stop the Flames
Paul the fireman hopped out of his car and grabbed an ax. He hacked away at the trees at the perimeter of the flames. He became so tired that he had to take a quick break from work. Paul pushed himself to keep hacking. He contained half of the fire before he couldn't go on.

Family hike
My family was on vacation. My dad told us we were going on a walk through a prairie. The walk turned out to be an uphill climb for eight hours My mom was exhausted and needed to stop for a bit. She gathered her energy and we all pushed to the summit together.

Bad Dreams
Raul hadn't slept in three days. Every time he'd fall asleep he'd wake up at 3am every night. He was having terrible dreams. So he figured he would just stay awake to avoid the dreams. That is when his eyes opened and shot to the clock to see 3 am.

Tami
Gina left the bathroom to go to her classroom. Her friend Tami was coming down the hallway. Tami was worried about Gina, and wanted to make sure she was okay. Gina smiled and let her know she was fine. Gina was happy to see her friend cared enough to check on her.

Dreadlocks
Jimmy was growing out his hair. He wanted to get dreadlocks. He weaved his hair into dreads. He maintained his hair for months. After a year he had long, healthy dreadlocks.

The Setup
Julie was the only single one in her group of friends. Her best friend decided to set her up on a date. Julie did not want to go but went any way. The date went well. Julie and the guy are now a couple.

Rose tattoo
Iris decided to get a new tattoo. At first she was nervous, but then she really wanted it. She realized it would be a nice thing to get. Iris then decided to get a rose. When it was done she loved it.

Aunt Janet Saves a Life
Aunt Janet signed up for a CPR course, because her parents were aging. She lived across the street from them and could get to them quickly. It made sense for her to understand basic life support. The week after she completed training, her mailman collapsed outside. Her CPR skills actually kept him alive until the ambulance arrived.

Shawn Gets A Raise
Shawn wanted to get a promotion at work. He decided to take night classes to get certifications. He took online classes 3 days a week. When he got his certification he asked his boss for a raise. His boss agreed to the raise.

The light competition.
The city was holding a Christmas light competition. Edgar wanted to enter and win the prize money. He spent three days working on some extravagant lights. When they were ready he entered the contest. Luckily, he ended up winning the prize.

Who Like's Fish
It didn't take long for everyone to dislike Jesse. Whenever we go out, he insists on not eating any seafood. He drove us crazy today when we had to change our reservations. He made look through lists and pick out places that didn't serve fish. We ultimately decided not to invite him at all.

Running
Mia loved to exercise. One day, she decided to go running. She put on her shoes and headed out. She ran a total of four miles. When she got home, she was so tired she fell asleep on the couch.

Work from Home
A girl went on a walk with her dad. They went to the park and sat in front of pond. They had a good talk. They fed the birds. This was her favorite time of the week.

Sam's Social Anxiety
Sam had really bad social anxiety. She would get nervous whenever she was around a lot of people. She went to see a psychiatrist for her social anxiety. Her psychiatrist recommended cognitive behavioral therapy. Sam's social anxiety decreased after exposing herself to more people.

Baseball bore
Alicia decided she wanted to go to a baseball game. When she went it was boring. She sat there waiting for something to happen. Before she knew it, a ball hit her in the head. Thankfully she was already.

Trip to the candy store
Fred and his friends wanted to nice sweets. They decided to take a trip to the local candy store. The store was filled with sweets galore. The boys picked up everything they could find. There was no shortage of goodies there.

Bad Police
I was speeding down the highway. A police officer stopped me. He was going to give me a ticket. I bribed him with twenty dollars. He accepted because he was corrupt.

Fun In the Rain
Alyssa always loved to play in sun. However, it has rained every day for the past week. Frustrated, Alyssa jumped in a puddle on her walk to school. She found this unexpectedly fun! Alyssa had fun jumping her way to school until the sun came out.

Running a 5K
Robert was excited to run a 5K race. He had never ran such a race before. Everyday after work, Robert would practice running. The day before the race, Robert was nervous and anxious. After running the race, Robert got a medal for his participation.

Of Denominations
A man was invited to attend an infant's baptism. He brush off his best suit. He stopped on the way to pick up a gift. When he arrived, though, he found the church empty. He had thought the parents Catholicin fact, they were Anglican.

Stumbling
Gina's teen brother was drunk. He could barely stand on his own two feet. Their dad took him to his room and put him on the bed. Their parents had a long talk about how to handle it. Gina could tell from what she overheard they had no idea what to do.

Blocks
Billy was three years old. He loved to play with blocks. He only had one set to play with. His father bought him a new set to play with. He now has more blocks than he knows what to do with.

Jerry Studies
It was a cold morning. Jerry had to take a math exam that particular day. He was not ready for the exam. Jerry learned there was a snow day as he was getting ready. Jerry spent his snow day studying for the exam.

Patty's Dog
Patty had a dog. Patty did not take good care of her dog. The dog got sick. Patty's mom gave the dog away. The dog was well and happy again.

Lorraine Gets Ready for School
Lorraine woke up on Monday morning. Her mother told her to get ready for school. Lorraine picked out a dress to put on. She told her mother she was ready to go. Lorraine went to school in the dress she picked out.

Catch
Jen was playing catch with her baby sister. She won the first few rounds. Then she decided to slow down and play worse. She let her baby sister win the next few games. Jen was so happy to see her sister's smile!

BraceFace
I needed braces at 13 years old. I was excited to get them, until I went to the orthodontist. He informed me that I had to get 6 teeth pulled first! I got the teeth pulled and the braces put on. It was the worse pain ever, and I regretted ever getting them.

Recess trouble.
Bree was at recess with her friend. They started to notice that none of their classmates were around. They discovered that they had missed the bell to go inside. They quickly ran to find their teachers. Both girls got in big trouble.

Rick Loves Pizza
Rick asked his daddy to give him pizza. Rick danced excitedly as his daddy placed the pizza in the oven. He wanted to touch the oven, but daddy said it was hot. Rick stood in front of the oven watching the pizza as it cooked. When it was done cooking Rick ate 3 slices of the pizza.

Embers
Diane moved into a neighborhood where everyone kept to themselves. One day, Diane emptied the ashes from her fireplace. She put the ashes in a metal bucket and dumped them outside. An hour later, Diane heard a commotion outside. Diane's neighbors were putting out a fire started by embers.

Accident
Kate has to visit the hospital to see her husband. Something happened at work to her husband and Kate is scared. She gets there to find he just needed stitches. Kate is relieved, and her husband apologizes for scaring her. Kate now realizes how important her husband is to her.

Sandy Takes A Trip
Sandy wanted to visit her friend in California. Sandy looked at web sites for airplane tickets. She found a good deal on a trip the next month. Sandy purchased the tickets and prepared for the trip. Sandy and her friend had a wonderful time during her visit.

Dumbo
My sister in law Judy works for an assisted living center. One of the residents passed away. Her family said the workers could take her belongings. Judy took a ceramic Dumbo and I sold it on eBay for $80. Judy was happy.

butter lamb
It was a tradition to get a butter lamb for easter at Ava's house. One year the stores were all sold out. Ava didn't want to break tradition. With a knife, she tried to carve her own butter lamb. It was lopsided, but her family appreciated the effort!

Abandoned at the movie theater.
Kelsey went with her friend to see a movie. Suddenly, her friend spotted some girls that she knew. Kelsey agreed to wait while her friend went to say hi. After while, Kelsey was suspicious that her friend wasn't coming back. Sure enough, Kelsey was abandoned.

Spring Break
Jon is excited for his trip to the beach to go surfing. Jon carefully spends the day learning how to surf. Suddenly he sees a shark swimming toward the beach. The shark attacks a little girl nearby. Jon saves the little girl from the shark!

Concert
This summer I went to a concert with my girlfriend. It was in New York, so we spent the night in my sister's apartment. We woke up and left to arrive at the concert. A lot of our favorite artists performed and it was so much fun! After the concert ended, we took a taxi back home.

Family Vacation
The Walden family decided to visit the hoover dam. It was their first vacation in Years. When they got close there was a road-block. Bad weather had closed off the area for days. They had to turn around and cut their vacation short.

Sexual Assault
Diana asked her boss for a promotion in the job. Her boss only agreed to give her the promotion if he can date her. When she refused, the boss tried to grab her. Luckily, the security guards heard her voice. They barged into the room and took the boss away.

Couch Cash
Ben was very bored at home. He looked around the house but found nothing to do. He decided to take apart the couch and make a play fort. While removing cushions, Ben began to find change in the couch. After picking up all the change, Been made over five dollars.

Drinks on Me
Arnold went to his favorite bar to get a few drinks. The bartender liked him and gave him the first beer for free. They chatted about their days while he drank. Before he left, Arnold gave the bartender a large tip. The bartender thanked him and went back to work.

Can He Move
Trisha was excited about letting someone live in their house. She put an ad on Craig's list asking for a roommate. A guy showed up and rented the spare room. Trisha thought the guy was cute, so she let him move in. Years later the guys still lives there and Trisha wonders can he move.

Stroller
Don was four years old. He wanted to ride in a baby stroller. He could no longer fit in the stroller. This made him angry. He cried because he does not want to keep growing.

Ripped Story
I read a book about a king in a far land. The ending was so bad I ripped it out of the book. I crumpled the pages in a ball and set it on fire. The glow from the flames lit up the entire room. I feel like I created something beautiful in that moment.

James Visits a Brewery
James loved drinking beer but he had never seen a brewery. One day his friend offered to take him to see a few large breweries. They drove to Colorado together to see the breweries. James loved learning about brewing and fermenting. He decided that he wanted to visit more breweries.

Sammy Goes Sledding
Sammy decides to go sledding on a weekend day. He packs a sled into his car and drives to a hill. There are some other people also sledding there. Sammy sleds with them for a couple hours until he feels too cold. When he gets home he warms up with a cup of hot chocolate.

Tax Break
I'm really excited about tax season. This will be the first year that I'm a homeowner. I've been told that owning a house makes your return larger. I am wondering how big my tax return will be. I hope it's a lot because I need help paying my mortgage.

Bloody Nose
This girl at the daycare used to get horrible bloody noses. She would just run and run like a faucet. So I put on gloves. I got a damp small towel and folded it. I shoved it under her upper lip and the blood stopped.

Potholes
As Jake was going down the road, he hit a pothole. It punctured his tire. Jake had to call a wrecker service to come get him. He then had to get his tire fixed. The pothole did major damage to his car.

The ripped dress.
Molly was about to go to her prom. She had found the perfect dress. She was about to leave with her date when her dress got caught. The fabric ripped. Molly was so upset that she decided not to go.

Embolism
Larry had a leg injury. The injury caused an embolism to travel to his lung. He had to be hospitalized immediately. The hospital kept him for over a week! Finally, Larry healed and was released.

Expired
Drew thought there would be enough time to explore the arguments' mass The mass of details Drew discovered was overwhelming. There were arguments for both sides of everything. While reading through Drew discovered ideas previously unknown to him. Drew was so entrenched he didn't notice the HIT timer: it had expired.

Final exam
Jenny was nervous about her final exam. She needed to pass this class in order to graduate. Her palms were sweaty as she took the exam. When she was done she was elated. She had received an A on her final.

Lauren
Lauren had been dieting for a whole month. She was eager to weigh herself. She couldn't wait to see how much weight she'd lost. She stepped on the scale and laughed with joy. She had lost almost fifteen pounds!

Noisy Boy
Today was Gerald's eight birthday party. Gerald loved the drum set Dad gave him. Gerald practiced his drums all day long. Mom thought all day was not acceptable Gerald was limited to 2 hours of practice only on the weekends.

Stay in Touch
Teddy wanted to move out of his parent's house. His mom said that she would miss him too much. Teddy felt guilty but needed to start his own life. He asked his mom if he calls every other day would she be happy. She said yes and Teddy moved out, calling every other day.

Promise
Terry promised to take his son to the game if he made good grades. His son had studied and stayed up late. His son made very good grades through his hard work. Terri was proud of his son. They ended up attending the game as promised.

Apple Tree
Andrew wanted to plant an apple tree. He decided to go to the local nursery to find a young tree. Once he picked out the tree, he headed home to plant it. After digging the hole, Andrew planted the tree. Andrew was glad to see the tree growing in his backyard.

The Gifts
Bob lived two states away from his family. He left to go spend Christmas Eve with them. When he was halfway there, he realized he forgot all of the gifts. He turned around to get them but got caught in a snowstorm. Bob became snowed in and could not make it to his family.

The Birthday Gift
Ed and his wife Jean live in New Hampshire. Ed's birthday was approaching in a couple weeks. Ed has always wanted to visit Las Vegas. Jean secretly saved money for a year to surprise Ed. Ed awoke on his birthday to a surprise trip to Las Vega.

Hot Air Balloon Ride
Tina and her friends were excited to go on a hot air balloon. It was the first time they were able to go on a hot air balloon. The girls were thrilled to experience this day. As the girls went in the air, the girls were very happy. The view from above was amazing.

Visit
I had a stroke in 2011. I spent five weeks in a rehab in Boston. I went back in 2013 to get a new brace. I visited several of my therapists and thanked them. It was a bittersweet trip.

User
My sister has a bad habit of getting into abusive relationships. I invited her over for breakfast one morning, noticing her black eye. She said she wanted to leave him, but had nowhere to go. She lived with me for a year, never working or paying for anything. One day I came home from work and the house was empty of belongings.

Renee goes Camping
Renee had a strong love for camping One day she went camping with her friends Her and her friends set up the tents, and made a fire They roasted hot dogs and Marshmallows over the fire They had a very good time and barely slept

Wind Down.
Carol for the first time ever got a professional message. She had been working so hard and her boss said she should get one. Her boss even said the company will pay for it. Carol loved the massage and even booked herself a couple more. Carol now gets a massage every month.

The Hall Pass
Ben was in class and really had to go to the bathroom. However, he could not get his teacher's attention. Ben therefore decided to sneak out to use the bathroom. In the hallway, a teacher asked where his hall pass was. Ben confessed he sneaked out of classed.d

Rotten milk
Dennis went to the grocery store. He bought everything on his list, including some milk. When he got home, he unloaded the groceries and put them away. A few days later the car smelled very bad. Dennis had left the milk in the car and it had soured!

Tooth Fairy
Jill had her suspicions about the tooth fairy. Why would anyone want someone else's old teeth? So when she lost a tooth, she set up her brothers spy camera. When she woke in the morning there was money under her pillow. On the video she didn't see anyone putting it there!

Stubbed Toe
Sam got thirsty at night. He decided to go to the kitchen without turning any lights on. He ran into an end table. He stubbed his toe really hard. Sam decided to turn the lights on from now on.

Vacation: Day One
My wife and I went out to the beach on the first day of our vacation. I read the book I had brought with me. She tried to get tanner. We both ended up falling asleep. Back at the hotel, we agreed it was a great vacation so far.

Mario's Wife
Mario hadn't seen his wife in days. He began to get worried. He decided to contact the police. The police conducted an investigation. Mario's wife was found safe and sound.

The Map
I have a map of the route I want to hike. I have been studying it so I won't get lost. Last week I tried to hike the trail on the map. I started to get lost after an hour of hiking. I pulled out the map and got back on course.

The dropped crock pot.
Lane was moving. He was trying to carry some big boxes outside. Suddenly, one box fell open and spilled everywhere. A crock pot fell out of the box and shattered. Lane was so upset.

Not A Hand
I walked through a empty street on my way home. I felt something touch my shoulder, as if to get my attention. I turned around but no one was there. I saw a branch on the ground next to me. I figured that it was the branch that I felt.

markers
Ed was exploring hunting paths in the woods behind his house. They were very complex. He did not want to get lost. he took lengths of rope and tied markers to the trees as he passed. Then Ed safely traced his way back home.

Handcuffs
Jack and Jill want to spice up in their bedroom. So they decide to roleplay with handcuffs. The keys get knocked off the nightstand. The stupid dog eats the keys. They have to get a locksmith to get Jack out of the handcuffs.

Girls
I wanted to date a girl. But, I was too shy to ask anyone out. I decided to get help from my brother. He taught me how to get girls to like me. But, it was pointless because years later I realized that I liked men.

Playing in the rain
Kim was outside playing when it began to rain. Her mother called for her to come into the house. Kim begged and begged to go back out in the rain. Her mother finally allowed her to go outside. Kim had a blast splashing around in the puddles.

A Day at the Beach
One day I went to the beach. It was a sunny day, so the sand was hot. I was so excited to arrive I kicked off my shoes and ran for the sand. My feet got burned. I had to jump in the water quickly to get rid of the pain.

Bryan and the zoo
Bryan was bored one day and he decided to go to the zoo. He called his friends and they all went together. They saw the lions and giraffes. Bryan and his friends bought a lot of souvenirs. Bryan left the zoo satisfied.

Snacks
Gina's family stopped for gas on a road trip. Gina was tired and didn't want to get out of the car. She tried to go back to sleep. Just before she drifted off she realized she should use the restroom. She exited the car, and walked across the cold parking lot.

Doctor Visit
Ralph noticed a cloudy patch covering his left eye. He started to get scared so he called his eye doctor. The doctor gave him an appointment for Friday afternoon at three. Ralph was scared when the doctor told him he had cataracts. Ralph will be getting surgery on his eyes next month.

Disastrous move across country
My move across the country was filled with obstacles. First, I missed my flight by only 3 minutes. Then, when I arrived in the new state, my luggage was missing. To make matters worse, the apartment wasn't ready for me. My situation got better, but I learned to be prepared for anything.

Graveyard
I wanted to get over my fear of graveyards. I went to a lot of unknown peoples funerals to help dispel my fears. I kicked a lot of headstones just because I could. A grave digger spotted me reading random headstones. The cemetery barred me from coming to the graveyard.

Do Not Call
Dora noticed telemarketers always interrupted visits at her mom's. So she put her elderly mom's phone number on the do not call registry. Months later, Dora visited her mom again. Noticing her mom seemed down, Dora asked why. Her mom said she was lonely without the daily sales calls.

Interesting Pattern
Lily was wearing a beautiful white dress to the dance. Someone accidentally spilled red punch on it. She didn't have any way to get home so she stayed. People thought the dress was white with a red pattern. She had a number of people compliment her on it.

Body Fat
I am determined to get under six percent body fat. I've read a great deal on how to do this. So far I have changed my diet to only clean foods. I have increased the amount of cardio I do everyday. So far I've gone down two percent so I'm well on my way!

Handmade
Jenny started doing her Christmas shopping. She went from store to store, but nothing inspired her. Rather than give generic gifts, she planned to make them by hand. She made hand-sewn books and lots of other crafty things. Her family was thankful for all the time she put into the gifts.

New York audition
I am a violinist and would like to play in the New York Philharmonic. A few months ago a job was posted and I decided to take the audition. I prepared diligently for months. At the audition I suddenly became nervous and did not play well. I was dismissed after the first round.

Phil Can Walk!
Phil had been recovering in a wheelchair for 3 months. Today he was going to try and walk with a walker. He nervously got up from his wheelchair. His first steps were very wobbly. He ended up walking around the whole therapy room!

Stamp
Eric decided to go to the store on monday to buy stamps. He needed to find enough change so he searched through his jeans. He pulled out a dollar and found an old lottery ticket stuck to it. Curious, he scratched the ticket with his fingernail. Eric forgot that he needed to buy stamps.

The hot cocoa burn.
Meredith was drinking a mug of hot cocoa. She leaned over to put the mug on the table. She wobbled and caused hot cocoa to slosh out. A large splash went onto her arm. It burned her badly and she had to put a bandage on it.

Lucky Lucy
Lucy was known for her luck. He husband recommended that they go to a casino. She was nervous about going. Her husband assured her that it would be ok. She bet on a hand of Blackjack and won two thousand dollars.

Carmen Sandiego
It was time to go to the media center at school. Amy wasn't sure she wanted to play a computer game today. She was leery since the last game turned out to be no fun. A friend suggested she try a Carmen Sandiego game. Amy decided it was her new favorite game.

Caribbean
Hal wanted to take a cruise to the Caribbean. He tried to convince his friends to go with him. They all wanted to do a road trip to Las Vegas instead. Hal agreed, but on one condition. They all stayed in a Caribbean-themed hotel in Vegas.

Long Jump
Fred wanted to hold his school's long jump record. He practiced every day during track season. At the final meet of the year he went all out. Once Fred took his jump he was sure he beat the record. The official told him he beat the record by 6 inches!

Trip to the lake
Kelly loved going to the lake. She would go all the time. Yet unfortunately this trip was different. Her sister couldn't go. Kelly then was upset.

Stuck in an Elevator
Nancy decided to take the elevator to the top floor. Alas, the elevator got stuck. Nancy became scared. The fire department came to help her. Luckily, they were able to free her from the elevator.

"BUG BOY"
Colby loved to go outside when it was a sunny day. He loved to look for all different kinds of bugs. He had a bug catcher to catch bugs in. One day he caught a bug he had never seen before. He decided to keep the bug and he named it Joe.

Slug Bug
Kay and her Beth were bored in the summer. They sat on Beth's front porch and watched cars drive by. A VW beetle drove by and Beth hut Kay in the shoulder. She told her it was a bug and they were playing slug bug. Kay didn't know anything about slug bug but she didn't like the game.

Cursed
There was a house that was said to be haunted. The owners tried hard to sell it but no one wanted it. They hired a priest to get rid of the evil spirits. The priest came to the house and walked around. He said there never was any ghosts there in the first place.

The DIY tattoo.
Jeremy was at a punk concert with friends. Someone convinced him to get a tattoo. They had ink from a pen and a hot needle. Jeremy braced himself, and let them make the tattoo. It was painful and the tattoo didn't really come out well.

Picking Wild Flowers
Larry's girlfriend loved flowers. She would always try to pick them wherever she went. As they were driving to get food she saw some on the side of the road. Against his wishes she pulled over. She got out and got as many as she could carry.

Prank
Jim loved to play pranks. He was determined to get his dad. He decided to put ketchup on the kitchen counter. His dad walked in and thought Jim had chopped off his finger. Jim finally got him.

Gas and Money
Randy got a brand new car today. He drives it all around town, showing it off. His wife said that he is going to run out of gas soon. Randy agreed to only drive it when he needs to. Randy is now saving money on gas!

Migraine
I had to go home from work. I got sick with a migraine. Nothing would make it stop. I ended up taking a pain pill. I slept for 10 hours straight.

The long move
Elsa was moving across town. She was hoping to get the move done as quickly as possible. She and her friends started moving everything early in the morning. All day they ran into tedious obstacles that slowed them down. In the end, it took her a whole day to make a simple move.

The Class
A boy named Dave had taken Gina's pencil. He ran from her when she tried to retrieve it. She ran to where he was and tried to take it back. But the boy had longer legs, and was faster than her. Gina stumbled and skinned her knee when chasing the boy.

Sleep Schedule
I really wanted to stay up late for a party. I decided to take a long afternoon nap. When I woke up I was ready to stay up late and have fun. I didn't go to bed until four in the morning. The next day my entire sleep schedule was messed up.

Paul Chops Vegetables
Paul and his friends are making dinner together. They decide to each take a different responsibility. While his friend is mixing drinks, Paul decides to chop vegetables. He chops onions, carrots, and celery with care. When dinner is ready, Paul is proud that he helped to make it.

Gaining Weight
Sam was going out with friends. He tried to put on his favorite pair of pants. He struggled a lot to button them. He was uncomfortable throughout the night. Sam decided it was time to lose weight.

Cancelled Again
Ellie wanted to go to the arcade today. Ellie made plans to meet her friend Zack there in the afternoon. Zack cancelled plans with Ellie right after she got there. This wasn't the first time she got cancelled on. Ellie was annoyed with her friends for being so unreliable.

It's Cold Outside
Candy came home to find a homeless family on their doorstep. She invited them in to stay the night. But in the morning they wouldn't leave. Candy took them to a shelter. Everyone was happy with the outcome.

Night Shots
I heard a gunshot as I was trying to fall asleep. No one in my neighborhood even owns a gun! I was afraid to get close to the window to look out. I woke my husband up and he did what I should have done. The police are on their way!

The group
Bill needed to find some friends to relax with. Everyone that he knew always worked. Bill begged and pleaded people to hang out with him. He decided to get friends on the internet. Bill finally found lots of people he could hang out with.

Triathlon
Cycling was an everyday task for Jim. He was an athletic man who could run fast as well. Jim wanted to join a triathlon. The problem was that Jim couldn't swim. Jim began taking swim lessons so he could compete one day.

Brian's Mountain Climbing Disappointment
Brian wanted to go mountain climbing. He got all his gear together and headed out. The clouds were slowly gathering overhead as he got closer. By the time he reached the foot of the mountain the rain was pouring. Because of the severe weather Brain had to go back home.

Skin treatment
I ordered a new set of acne medication. I tried it out for a few weeks. Instead of cleaning my face, the medication made my face dry. I also broke out in a rash. Many people noticed by red, flaky face.

Can Opener
Sara went to the kitchen to get a can of tuna. She could not find her can opener. Sara tried using a hammer instead. She smacked the can with the hammer to no avail. She then hit it with the claw side and it opened a little.

The Lamp
Sally bought a lamp from an antiques store. She took it home, but her husband thought it was too ugly. Sally was mad, and decided to put it near their front window. All the neighbors could witness it's ugliness. Her husband was infuriated and broke it with a bat.

Hamburg
Neil was visiting the city of Hamburg. He could not wait to go to the Hamburg fair! He went to the fairgrounds and bought a ticket. Then he went in and rode rides and played games. Neil loved the Hamburg fair very much!

Sara's Accident
Sarah was riding her bike down the street. She wanted to show off some cool bike tricks. She tried to put her feet up on the handlebars, but it made her fall. When she hit the ground, her tooth was chipped. She was able to get it fixed at the dentist.

Mexico
Stanley moved to Mexico so his money would go farther. He turked online, and it paid all his bills. One day, he learned his mturk account was suspended. He could no longer turk. Stanley fell into poverty and had to sell empanadas on the street.

Fried Chicken
I was invited to a company picnic. I wanted to bring some food that was very tasty. I looked up a recipe for fried chicken. I brought the chicken to the picnic. Everyone loved my chicken.

Speech
Sarah has a speech to deliver to her class tomorrow. She was feeling nervous and didn't know what she would wear. Sarah went to the mall and picked out a dress to wear to class. She felt confident about herself and her presentation. Sarah got a good grade on her presentation and was thrilled.

Jared
Jared liked to fish with his dad every Saturday. He and his dad would go out early so they could eat their catch. Jared's dad got sick and could no longer go fishing. Jared still got up early on Saturday to hang out with his dad. Jared discovered his dad's companionship was most important.

Barcode
Rocco was an account manager. He was in charge of setting up barcodes. One day he set the price of one barcode for only a dollar. The value of the item was over a thousand dollars! Now Rocco doesn't work and is in jail.

New Life
Bevin used to have lots of money. She lost it in a bad financial investment. Luckily, her parents let her move home. While at home she rediscovered her love for math. Now she teaches math at her old high school.

New Puppy
All Raymond wanted for Christmas was a new puppy. Ray could not wait to have a puppy because he wanted a friend. After much convincing to his parents, Ray finally was able to get one. His parents took him to the pet store so he could pick one out. Ray's eyes landed on a cute lab and the family took it home.

The spider bite.
Graham was trying to get to sleep. Suddenly, he felt something painful. He jumped up and saw a red mark on his leg. He knew it was a bite, so he began searching through his blankets. Suddenly, he saw a spider scurry off into the wall.

Work
This morning I woke up to go to work. I got ready and left on my way. When I got there I thought I was going to have a good day. A lot of bad stuff happened. It turned out to be a really bad day.

How my car got towed.
Me and my dad went Cowboys stadium We were very excited and want to get inside asap. We decided to park in front of a restaurant. We thought it would be ok because there was no sign for towing. We came back and our car was towed.

Plane Ride
It was Veronica's first time on a plane. After checking in, she and her family were seated on the plane. The plane was about to take off, and Veronica was nervous. As the plane picked up speed, she closed her eyes. When she opened them again, they were high in the clouds.

Sold
I had an old car I needed gone. I decided to put the car online for sale. I got a few calls over a few weeks. Finally one day Travis called me. He offered me double the value of the car!

My Tennis Match
I played the best player from my school in a tennis match. I lost the first set six to two. I battled back to take the next set seven to five. The third set was really close the whole way through. I lost in an incredibly exhausting tiebreaker.

Pawn
Lisa needed some extra money. She took one of her old rings to a pawn shop. She hoped to get at least $100 for it. But when the owner made her an offer, her eyes widened in joy. She was given $250 for her old ring!

Fear of Clowns
Darla had an intense fear of clowns. She wouldn't go to circuses or fairs or anyplace with clowns. Darla got a party invitation, so her mom checked for clowns. Darla's excitement at the party soon turned to terror. A clown was sent as a last-minute replacement to entertain.

Moving In
Danielle was moving into her new home. She brought all of the small items inside first. Then, she helped bring large furniture inside and set it all up. After that, she went around the house putting everything away. Finally, the entire house had been set up.

petals
At Sara's wedding she had a weird request. She wanted people to throw rose petals instead of rice. She told her family about her wish. They bought many pounds of rose petals. Then they flung them at Sara as she exited the church!

Statistics Course
Brent had to take a statistics course as a requirement for his major. It had never been his favorite branch of mathematics. Brent found himself worrying a lot about the course. On his first day in class a very pretty young woman sat beside him. Brent suddenly felt a lot better about taking this class.

When it Rains
Brady was washing all of his clothes. He made sure to hang dry his clothes to lower the electric bill. He forgot about the clothes while taking a nap. It rained while he was sleeping. His clothes were so wet that he had to use the dryer anyway.

Valentines
Jeremy wanted to propose to his girlfriend. He decided to wait until Valentines. After the meal, he went down on one knee. She was so happy. She said she would marry him.

Dirty Cat
Leroy never wanted to have any pets. His girlfriend convinced him to get a cat. It made the entire apartment smell bad. He hated living with it. Eventually he had to get rid of it.

The Walk
I took a walk through the park today. I wanted to connect with nature. I saw some beautiful flowers bloom. I heard the bluebird sing a beautiful song. My walk through the park relaxed me.

Fear of Flying.
Abby wanted to go see her aunt but was afraid to fly. Her friend suggested she talk to her doctor. Abby saw her doctor and told her about her fears and concerns. The doctor explained her treatment options and prescribed a sedative. Abby followed the doctor's advice and had a trouble free trip.

Colorful
The teacher told the class to take out their english homework. Everyone pulled out their English folders. Gina's friend Tami had a shiny new folder. It was pink with many other colors and covered in unicorns. Gina wanted one just like it.

Hornet Attack
Diana tried to throw the ball to Jim. It touched a hornet's nest and the nest fell. Eventually, several hornets came out. Jim had to run since the hornets were chasing him. He managed to hide inside his house until they left.

New ballet slippers
Lulu needed some ballet slippers. She decided to go to the local dance shop. When she went there she tried them on. The slippers were perfect. Lulu bought them.

Return Trip
Gina went to the store and got ice cream for herself. When she got home her mom was mad she didn't get some for everyone. She handed Gina some money and sent her back to the store Gina bought a gallon of ice cream and ran back home. She was afraid it would melt in the heat if she walked.

Bill Bakes a Cake
Bill woke up one morning to a call from his father. His father told him that he was not feeling well. Bill decided that he would stay home from work and bake him a cake. Bill took the cake to his father, and his father ate a slice. Immediately the father began to feel better, and Bill was thrilled.

So Goes the World
A group of factory workers decided to go on strike. They drew up a list of their demands and presented it to management. Then they walked off the job. Management replaced most of them with robots. The remaining jobs, they offshored to China.

The busty swimsuit.
Laura was a busty girl. She wanted to go swimming but most tops didn't fit. She had to look all over the internet for a good enough top. The only ones she could find cost a lot of money. She decided to splurge and bought the tops.

The Surprise Party
Jill's birthday was coming up. Her friend Tanya decided she was going to throw her a surprise dinner. Tanya planned for their friends to show up at her favorite restaurant. When Jill showed up with Tanya, no one was there. It turned out they were at the other branch a town over.

Rita and the Shark
My girlfriend, Rita, was sitting on the beach. She started getting bored, so she decided to take a swim. When she jumped in the ocean, she saw the fin of a shark. Rita quickly exited the water, and ran for the parking lot. She told me she never wanted to go to that beach again.

Get Out!
A scout entered into his generals tent. The general seemed distracted with other matters. The scout spoke up and tried to get the general's attention. After he gave his report the general told him to leave. A half hour later the scout was called back to give it again.

Only Shop Open for Miles
The Levins owned a small corner store. They were struggling financially. On the day of the blizzard they didn't have enough money to get home. They were the only store open. They made more than enough money to take a cab whenever they wanted!

Fly on String
One day I went through the McDonald's drive through. As I ordered, I saw my daughter trying to touch a fly. I told her to stop because flies were dirty. The cashier suggested freezing them and then tying a string to them. As I pictured this, I loss my appetite.

Practice Makes Perfect
Doug joined a bowling tournament for fun with friends. He soon realized he was the worst bowler on the team. He didn't want to hold the team back so he took private lessons. Between the tournament and the lessons Doug was bowling every day. Within a few weeks Doug became the nest on the team.

Jake Meditates
Jake was scared of flying. He had to catch a flight for a job interview. He could barely breathe as the plane took off. He meditated to calm himself down. He was able to feel better after his meditation session.

Planting a flower.
Sara wanted to plant some flowers. She lined up some pots of soil. Then, she put some seeds inside. She watered the soil and put the pots outside. Soon, the flowers began to grow.

The Dull Date
Harry was a lonely man. A friend asked Harry if he would like to be set up on a blind date. Harry agreed to a blind date with a woman named Melinda. Melinda and Harry met at a coffee shop. After talking for a short while they each left the shop separately.

In School Suspension
Dan was suspended but his parents worked. The principal decided to put him in in school suspension. He sat in a classroom with a teacher and worked on class work. Dan wasn't allowed recess, and ate lunch alone in the classroom. Afterwards he walked home alone in the rain.

Jordan
Jordan saw the other kids swimming when it was hot in the summer. Jordan had never learned to swim, so he could not go in the water. He was embarrassed he couldn't swim. His mother got him swimming lessons and he practiced. Finally Jordan was able to go in the cool water with the others.

Delivery Guy
Dan was staying home tonight so he decided to order a pizza. He ordered his favorite pizza from his favorite pizza place. He didn't want to leave home so he asked for it to be delivered. A little later there was a knock at the door. The person delivering the pizza was somebody he used to know!

Taking Out The Garbage
Seth saw the garbage can in his kitchen was full. Since it was garbage day, he knew it was time to take it out. He pulled the bag out of the garbage can. When he was carrying it to door, the bag ripped. Garbage went everywhere!

Weird Noise
When Diana was sleeping, she woke up around 1 in the morning. She heard the sound of a motor outside. She decided to get up and see where the noise came from. Since it was towards the front, she opened the front door. The noise came from the neighbor cleaning his lawn.

West
Bay was on a road trip to visit her family on the west coast. She was nineteen and had never had a boyfriend back east. But on the west coast, she met a great man and fell in love. The man asked to marry her, and she agreed! Now she spends her time between coats always on an endless road trip!

The Blackout
It was Friday, and Jay could not wait to get home. It was the season finale of his favorite TV show. He had been looking forward to this night for the whole week. Unfortunately, there was a huge storm that night, causing a blackout. Jay had to wait another night to watch his show.

Ellie hit a deer last night.
Last night Ellie needed to get milk from the grocery store. She drove through the winding roads to get to town. Ellie hit a deer on a blind curve. The deer totalled Ellie's car and gave her a concussion. Now Ellie refuses to drive at night.

One Trip
Chris was a weird kind of lazy. After going grocery shopping he didn't want to walk in more than once. So he decided to try to carry all the groceries at the same time. He made it as far as the front door before a bag tore and spilled. While trying to pick that up the rest of his groceries fell out.

Reporter
A reporter for the daily news is sure that he has a new scoop. He decides to visit the house of an informant to get some more news. While visiting they mention something that grabs his attention. When he investigates the comment he realizes there's a scoop there. With this information he creates an even bigger story for himself.

Out Of Gas
Ricky was on a road trip. He was suppose to visit his friend in another city. He was on the highway when he car stalled. He was out of gas! Ricky had to push his car for 20 minutes to the nearest gas station.

No Fish
My brother and I decided to go fishing. We rented a kayak and paddled out to the middle of the lake. After six hours, we had not caught anything. We decided to give up. We both decided that fishing was too boring for us.

Caught in a lie.
Will's friends wanted him to go camping with them. Will didn't want to go so he lied to them about a previous engagement. His friends went on their trip without him. One of his friends ran into his mom the next day and asked about it. Will was caught in his lie and his friends were upset.

Guns
Laura was at a shooting range learning to use a pistol. Her teacher showed her how to hold the gun. She aimed for the target and fired. She hit the target right in the middle the first time! Laura discovered she enjoys shooting pistols.

Sweater Issues
Lindy was knitting a sweater for her boyfriend. She used one of his shirts to figure out the measurements. When she gave it to him, she asked him to put it on so she could see. It was at least two sizes too small. She realized she had measured his little brother's shirt by accident.

The birthday cake
Alice wanted to make a cake for her birthday. She gathered the ingredients and began to mix them. When she put the cakes in the oven she realized she was tired. She fell asleep on the couch waiting for the cake to bake. When she awoke she realized the cake had burned.

Peonies
I ordered peonies for my girlfriend for Valentines day. I was so excited for her to get them. But when they arrived they all looked dead. I was so disappointed so I called and complained. They sent a new batch out the next day that were so great.

Sick
To get out of work Bob faked being sick. Instead of staying in bed he played games the entire day. His wife came home and scolded him for his behavior. The next day at work his boss fired him for lying about being sick. Bob realized that faking being sick was a bad idea.

Forced out of Work
I use to work overnight freight at a local store. I got hurt on the job and had to take a month of light duty. When I returned to full duty, the manager started scheduling me less. I talked to others in the company about it, but nothing came of it. I ended up walking out one night at lunch and never looking back.

Last piece of cake
Louise wanted to get some chocolate cake. She checked her fridge. She realized she had hardly any left. There was one piece. Louise immediately grabbed it and ate it.

Wrestling Match
Timmy faced Jim in a wrestling match. Timmy endured a few punches but ended up knocking Jim unconscious. He didn't allow Jim time to get up and started to choke him. The officials move Timmy out of the arena. The coach instructed him not to make the same move again.

Changing Table
Rory took her infant to a family friendly restaurant. She went to change the baby and found there was no changing table! She complained to the waitress, who instructed her to go to her car. Rory wrote an angry email and contacted the business on Facebook. A few months later, a changing table was installed in the bathroom.

Homework
Simon had put off doing his math homework until late in the evening. He was too tired to finish the assignment. He told he would wake up extra early and finish in the morning. Simon forgot to set his alarm clock and overslept. He started to cry because he knew he would get a detention.

Walker
When my daughter was 8 months old we put her into a walker. She loved moving in the walker. She followed me around the apartment. One day I stepped onto the porch and she fell down a step. She cried for awhile but recovered quickly.

Feeding the dog
It was time to fed the dog. I got the open dog food can out of the refrigerator. I opened the lid and put some food in the bowl. I poured some dry food on top. My dog ran over to eat the food.

Be yourself
Sophia had always been teased for being so pale. So, she decided to go to a tanning booth to get a tan. This was her first time tanning, and she baked for way too long. She was in pain and her skin was bright orange. Now she was being teased for being orange and discolored!

Please Go Home
My youngest nephew came to stay with us for a weekend. He taught my youngest son lots of new words. He showed him some next and interesting gestures. Finally, he gave us all a tutorial on tantrum throwing. I was elated to see his parents come and pick him up.

P is for Procrastinate
One afternoon, Tim was lounging on the couch, feeling really lazy. His dog was whining and Tim knew he needed to take him for a walk. He yawned, stretched and, before he knew it, fell asleep. He awoke to a sound of rain lightly falling. As his eyes adjusted, he saw his dog urinating on the carpet.

Rabbit Hunting
Joe was excited to get his first hunting rifle. He asked his brother to take him hunting. Joe and his brother got their hunting gear together. They headed off for the woods. Joe shot a rabbit and kept it for a souvenir!

Taking out the trash
I noticed that my house was filling up with trash bags. I decided that I needed to take my trash out. I picked up one bag and brought it to the can outside. It took me twenty minutes before all the bags were gone. I looked at my house and it was much cleaner.

The Marathon
Bill's doctor told Bill that he needed to take care of his health. Bill decided to run the Boston Marathon. Bill trained every morning for nine months. Finally, the day of the marathon came and Bill ran it in 4 hours. Bill was finally healthy!

Missing Baby
Bri was at home with her 9 month old daughter. She was trying to get her house cleaned before dinner. She ran into the kitchen to check on the food in the oven. When she came back she could not find her daughter. Her daughter was hiding in the laundry basket.

Concert
Wesley was ecstatic when he heard his favorite band would be in town. He tried to stay up late to buy tickets, but fell asleep too early. The next morning, he was heartbroken to realize the show was sold out. But when he went downstairs, his parents were waiting with 3 tickets. It was the best surprise Wesley had ever received.

Jim Takes A Nap
Jim did not sleep well last night. His dog woke him up in the middle of the night. Jim also had to go into work early that morning. He tried drinking some coffee but he still felt tired. Jim took a nap.

Paper Cut
Ray was sitting in class. And his teacher asked him to pass out tests. While Ray was passing out tests, he got a paper cut. Ray told his teacher. And Ray was given a band aid.

Train Ride
I got on the train to go to work. The train began to move toward the next station. Suddenly the train stopped and the lights turned off. The train stayed stopped for several minutes. Eventually the lights turned back on and we continued on our way.

Missing the Boat
The hovercraft was leaving in 4 hours. They only had a half hour trip to the terminal. They were considering how to pass the extra time. Almost to the terminal, the tire on the car went flat. Waiting for the tire repair made them miss the ship.

Gone Fishing
Chris was enjoying a day at the lake with his dad. They were fishing for catfish. They had to be patient, for it could take hours to get a good catch. After waiting and waiting, Chris felt a sharp tug on his fishing pole. He had the biggest catch of the day!

Baseball
Paul wanted to see a baseball game. He asked his mother to take him. She said yes. Paul was very excited to go to the game. He even caught a foul ball!

Homeward
It was time to drive home from vacation. We packed up our stuff and got on the highway. Before long, the car made a horrible noise and stopped driving! The mechanic gave us the bad news. We ended up coming home in a rental car.

Bubble Witch
My sister-in-law loves Bubble Witch. In order to get a better score she needed to get FB friends. She issued friend requests to a lot of strangers playing this game. She ended up with a lot of friends from France and Germany. On her birthday she received many greetings in French and German.

Summer Time
All of my friends got together at the beach. Before we did anything, we placed our stuff near a tent. Everyone was eager to get inside the water. Afterwards, we went out to eat buffalo chicken wings. All of us agreed to see each other before we left.

Car racing
Kylie and her dad wanted to have some fun. They decided to go down to the local race track. The two raced each other. They had a lot of fun. Kylie couldn't wait to go back.

eggs
Ann had a friend stay the night. In the morning they were both hungry. Ann fried up some eggs. Then they both ate together. They enjoyed their hot breakfast!

Delivery
Tina's water broke one night. She hurried to the hospital. They set her up on medicine and encouraged her. She struggled through the birth of her baby. And after sixteen hours, Tina became a mommy!

The Old Roller Coaster
When I was a child I used to go to a local amusement park. The park had one of the oldest roller coasters in the USA. I went on it once and it felt shaky and unsafe. I decided I would never go on it again since I valued my safety. I recently heard that the park had finally tore it down.

Jimmy had to sell his shop
Jimmy and his long time partner owned a hot dog shop together They started getting into disputes over running the business They decided to sell the place It went up for auction and they each ended up bidding for it Jimmy's partner won the auction from Jimmy for 300K

Can't Get Away
Maurice moved to Florida to get away from his ex. After moving into his new house, he looked around his yard. He turned to his right at the house next door. Standing in the yard was his ex. She had moved in next door.

Leg Lifts
My goal is to leg lift over two hundred pounds at the gym. Right now i can only leg lift about one hundred pounds. I got a trainer and worked hard for months. The trainer helped me to push myself further and further. Months later I was able to reach my goal.

The moldy bowl.
Sonny was deep cleaning her bedroom. She looked behind a shelf and found an old bowl. It had been put there months ago to hide it. She looked and saw that the bowl was filled with mold. She had to throw the whole thing away.

Worth a Shot
Lucy and her grandma were leaving Blockbuster. The guy Lucy went to see didn't work till later. Lucy knew her grandma wasn't willing to bring her later. At home she asked her grandpa if they could go back. He refused because once a day is enough.

Wart Removal
Taylor had warts on the bottom of his feet. His step mother took him to get them removed. Shortly after, she took him school clothes shopping. Taylor could not walk from the pain. His sister carried him all over the mall.

Long walk
Sam left work one day to go home. While walking his usual route, he noticed the road was closed. Sam turned around and found another way to go home. Because he was unfamiliar, he spent hours walking back home. When Sam made it home, he relaxed on his couch.

A miscommunication.
Gary called Carlin and asked to hang out. Carlin agreed, but she misheard the time. Gary went to meet her at eight o'clock. Carlin didn't show up, because she thought he meant ten o'clock. Luckily, they called each other and worked out the mistake.

Bad Directions
Faith was relying on the professor's notes for the class project. However, the slides were poorly presented and lacked detail. She flipped through the lectures hoping to get better information. Hours passed and she still had no idea what to do. Eventually, she emailed him and he set up a date for a meeting.

Bike Ride
We rode on the bike path today. It was a 14 mile ride. During the ride we saw a stray cat. We stopped to play with it. It was very friendly.

A Workplace Heartbreak
As a 41-year-old guy, young and attractive girls don't approach me. But when Evy,25, sat by me at work, I thought my luck had changed. For two weeks we took lunch together and laughed with each other. Suddenly, a guy took my seat next to Evy. Over the following two weeks, I watched him and Evy fall in love.

Leaf Fight
Amy and her niece and nephew were walking in the park. It was fall and the trees had dropped their leaves. The kids began to throw arm fulls of leaves at each other. Amy ran when they tried to throw leaves at her. They kids had a great time leaf fighting with their aunt

Too late
Kelly wanted the new iPad. She knew they were selling out fast. She ran to the store to get one. Unfortunately it was all sold out. Kelly was so disappointed.

What the Earthquake Made
When Marlene graduated she went to work for her Uncle in California. He was a jewelry salesman who could sell anything to anyone. He tried to teach her his trade but she didn't stay there long enough. There was an earthquake that scared her to death so she went home. Now Marline works as a maid at the hotel down the street.

Fianc Visa
Nikkia was from the Phillipines and needed a way to get to the US. She lured a man online to agree to a fianc visa. She had selfish intentions, but upon arrival, started feeling more. She actually fell in love with the man. They soon married and had a truly loving relationship.

Bob Gets a New Friend
Bob was feeling lonely. He wanted to get a pet. He went to his local animal shelter. He adopted an orange colored kitten. Bob no longer felt lonely with his new kitten.

Nap time
Kristin wants her daughter Zoey to take a nap. Zoey does not like to take naps. Kristin reads her a story and tucks her into bed. Zoey falls right asleep. Kristin is happy when Zoey sleeps for three hours!

Reading Test
There were around a dozen pages of questions to go through. Jane was not daunted, as the exam would guarantee her a place. She worked diligently through the questions, page by page. She completed the exam in just under two hours. Jane handed in the exam and hoped for the best.

Extra Weight
Michael noticed that he was eating more than usual. He began to gain unwanted extra weight. Michael decided to change his diet and start running. He stayed consistent for two months. Michael was so happy to lose all of the extra weight.

The Apple Pie
Greg's father loved apple pie on Sunday afternoons. On this Sunday Greg was high on Marijuana and ate his father's pie. His father insisted Greg go buy a new apple pie. On the way, Greg was arrested for driving under the influence. Greg called from the station, but his dad asked about his apple pie!

bike race
Ed and his friend challenged each other to a bike race. They rode their bikes to the park. Then they set off for the other end of the park. Ed pedaled fast, but his friend was faster. Ed's friend won the challenge!

Bird in the Hand
Andrew was happy to get a job offer. The offer was in his hometown but did not pay very much. He really wanted to wait for the results of another interview. He had to make a decision on the offer by the end of the day. He decided to take the offer instead of waiting.

Class Pet
Jody was excited when it was her turn to take home the class pet. She shielded the pet gerbil from curious kids on the bus ride home. She carefully placed the gerbil's cage out of reach of the family cat. Jody slept, proud of herself for keeping the gerbil safe. When she went to get the cage, the door was open and it was empty.

The baby in the rain.
Mary was walking with her baby. Suddenly, it began to pour rain. She didn't want the baby to get wet or sick. She tried her best to cover him with coats and blankets. Then, she quickly ran home and got him inside.

The Birthday Present
Today was Allison's eighth birthday. She couldn't wait to open all of her presents. One especially large present caught her eye. Allison saved the biggest present for last. When she opened it, she found out it was a new bicycle!

You Get What You Pay For
Jim is shocked when he gets an amazing deal on a house. It isn't until right before closing that he finds out why. The house is almost impossible to get flood insurance for. And the policies he can find are outrageously priced. Jim withdraws his offer and fires his real estate agent.

Trip to Las Vegas
For Lisa's 21st birthday, she could not wait to go to Las Vegas. Lisa got a bunch of her friends together to stay at a hotel in Vegas. The girls stayed at one of the most exclusive suites at the Palms. The first night of the trip the girls spent the night at the nightclub By the end of the trip, the girls were exhausted.

Lucky guest
Tina decided to have Rita over her hamptons house. Rita did not have much and Tina wanted to take care of her. Rita thought it was nice. When they got to the house it was beautiful. Rita felt so thankful.

Job Interview
Haley was nervous about her job interview. She decided to practice with her roommate. The next day she put on her nicest outfit. Her nice outfit and savvy interview skills were well received. Haley now has a really great job.

Summer Camp
Anita wanted to go to summer camp. Anita's step mother told her she had to stay home that summer to babies Anita told her dad that it wasn't fair for her to be forced to babysit Anita's dad agreed that it was unfair. Anita signed up for camp.

toast
Keith woke up early one morning. He decided to make toast for breakfast. He put his bread in the toaster and waited. But after five minutes, it still hadn't browned at all! Keith realized that he'd forgotten to plug in the toaster.

The cool lake
Tim wanted to hang out with his friends. They were going to hang at the coolest lake ever. However he couldn't leave until he cleaned his room. Tim's friend decided to help him clean. After that they spent the rest of the day at the lake.

The Short Hike
Dodd decided to walk on a trail from Mexico to Canada. He bought a backpack and supplies. He started walking North through the desert. Dodd became very tired and decided to quit. Dodd rode home on the bus and cried.

Julie's Lemonade Stand
Julie decided to run a lemonade stand to earn money for toys. She painted a big sturdy box bright colors for a table. Her mom helped by making a sign. On a hot summer day, they made several pitchers of lemonade. Julie bought a new toy with money she made selling to the neighbors.

Death Scare
I jumped out of the plane. Afterwards, I tried to release my parachute. The lever ended up getting stuck. As scared as I was, I took a few seconds to make it loose. It ended up working after I pulled it.

Stealing a pregnancy test.
Abigail was worried that she was pregnant. She wanted to take a test but they were too expensive. When no one was looking, she shoved the test in her coat. Then, she quickly hurried out of the store. No one caught her and she took her test in peace- it was negative.

Dodging Traffic
Jim was not one to follow the laws strictly. He was late for an appointment and found himself stuck in traffic. He moved into the emergency lane and was able to move along for a bit. He was the noticed by a police car and subsequently stopped. The officer issued a citation to Jim, one that cost him thousands.

Feeling Tired
Sarah did not get a good night's sleep. She felt tired and out of sorts. She decided to take a short nap. She set the alarm on her phone for 15 minutes. She woke up feeling much better.

Music video
Flaming series, the band, is making a music video. they decide to make a riot scene. They ask their fans to take part. The riot scene ended up getting too intense. They had to stop the video.

Shopping Spree
Greg wanted to keep his nephews busy. He decided to give them each ten dollars. He took them to a dollar store. Greg told them they could get any ten items they wanted. His nephews were busy shopping and then playing.

escaped
Ed came home one day to ride his horse. But he saw that his horse was not in the stable. She had unlatched the door somehow! Ed started to look for her. He was happy to find her in the field, playing!

Better with Glasses
Bobby loved to play baseball. Unfortunately he was not very good at bat. His coach suggested he get his eyes checked. He wasn't seeing the ball well because he needed glasses! He was a much better player once he got his glasses.

Christian Strikes
Jimmy was a guest of honor at a banquet. He was the mayor of the city of Lamour. His nemesis Christian got up to give a speech. He started playing a video instead. It was a video of an affair Jimmy had with a woman not his wife.

Nick
Nick didn't want to go to a Private School. I didn't agree with him. One day he wrote me a poem about Schools. It was so encouraging I allowed him to change. Today he loves his new School.

Rides
Paul likes theme park rides. Paul went to a theme park to ride rides. Paul decided to ride the largest roller coaster in the park. Paul was amazed by the ride. From that day forward, Paul only went to that theme park.

Breezy
Brandon woke up late. He rushed to get ready. He thought it would be hot outside. He didn't bring a jacket. When he got outside he it was really breezy.

Too Much Salt
John was very careful to follow the recipe while making cupcakes. They were for Mother's Day so he wanted them to be perfect. He tried one after they were all iced to make sure they were okay. But they weren't! He accidentally put in 1 cup of salt instead of 1 tablespoon!

Joan's Accident
Joan got drunk at a party. She thought she was sober enough to drive home so she got in her car. Shortly after leaving the party she crashed into a pole. Joan survived but was taken to the hospital just in case. After many tests she was allowed to leave the hospital.

Toby's Test
Toby wanted to go on the school field trip. His grade was too low but his upcoming test could change that. All of his friends helped him to study. Then, he took the test. Luckily, when the results were posted he saw that he had passed.

dropout
Sally hated high school. She went to the guidance office. She told them she wanted to drop out. They told her she couldn't since she wasn't yet 16. Sally was livid!

One Autumn Evening
It was a beautiful, crisp Autumn evening. The Beyer family decided to go to the high school football game. They watched the marching band play and march on the field. They watched the football players run and tackle and score points. They cheered with the crowd when the football team won the game.

Carrots
Sal hated vegetables. Then his mom thought of creative ways to get him to taste them. She made celery with peanut butter and rice krispy treats with sugar. She even made a carrot-a carrot cake with frosting. Sal decided he really did love vegetables after all!

Good Dog
Sprint is my neighbor's dog. We live right on a busy road so Sprint was taught to stay in the yard. He will sit at the edge of the yard even though there is no fence. Yesterday I was in my yard working and heard him crying. He wouldn't even leave the yard when I called him over!

8th Floor
Kay worked at Macy's for 2 years. She never knew there was a cafeteria on the 8th floor. She decided to visit one day on her lunch break. She was happy to find they had a salad bar since she loved salad. Kay ate the salad in the cafeteria while overlooking the city.

A City Trip
The Jackson's decided to go to the city for a day of shopping. When they arrived, they were surprised to find a sale was going on. It was a sale on shoes! The family was very excited and bought as much as they could carry. The Jackson's were happy that they went to the city today.

The Race
Arnold loves to run with his friends. They race each other from sunrise to sunset. Billy is the fastest kid in the community. Arnold trained very hard for three weeks. Finally, Arnold was able to beat Billy in a race.

Daily Cost of Living
I decided to move out of my parent's house. I only had a few thousand dollars. I rented an apartment. After many months I realized I didn't have enough money. I was forced to move back in with my parents.

Racer
Jim loved going fast in cars. When Jim got his license he got 3 speeding tickets in one year. Jim wanted to legally go fast so he became a race car driver. Jim worked hard and competed in many races. Jim finally got his dream of going fast legally.

Baby Brother
Riley's mom was going to have a new baby soon. Riley was nervous to have a new baby brother. His mom let him help get the house ready for the new baby. When the baby was born, Riley got to hold him in the hospital. Riley felt better about having a new baby in the family.

hang gliding
Adam was going hang gliding. He was nervous but excited. He followed his instructions exactly. Then he jumped out and sailed off. He was thrilled to soar on the clouds!

Bad grade on a test
I was scared to get my text back yesterday. As I was scared, the teacher plopped it down on my desk. To my dismay I got a terrible grade. I sunk in my seat. I then ran to the bathroom and cried.

The Hotel Life
Sarah had to stay in a hotel when she traveled around the world. She liked to stay in rooms that had nice view's. She saw a man in the pool and wanted to swim too. She got down to the pool and he was already gone. So,she decided to go for a swim anyway and have fun.

Apartment swap
Holly lived in New York City. One summer she decided to visit London. To pay for lodging, she offered her apartment for an apartment swap. A London woman accepted Holly's apartment swap offer. The ladies both had a great time, living like locals.

Gym Shorts
I was getting ready to go to the gym. I couldn't find my gym shorts anywhere. My partner was pestering me to hurry up. I worked out in my jeans instead. It was highly uncomfortable.

Piano Lessons
Laura dreaded having to take piano lessons. Her mom made her go every week. She knew she was going to get scolded this time. She had not practiced any of her songs. Luckily, Laura didn't have to go since her teacher was sick this week.

concert
May and her band were performing in the park. They set up their instruments. Then they started playing and singing. The crown began to Applaud and cheer. They loved May's band!

Water Spider
I saw a water spider in the creek. I tried to catch him. When I did I held him in my hand. He didn't move much as I held him. When I put my hand down he scampered away.

Math Tournament
Jay excelled in Math at school. His teacher told him of a Math Tournament that was coming up. She encouraged him to enter it. He asked his parents if he could enter it, and they said yes. He studied very hard and won the Math Tournament!

the Clock
I am visiting my mother-in-law this weekend. Recently her vision has begun to get worse. Yesterday she asked me to buy her a clock with a large display. I checked several websites that sell products and aids for low vision. I ordered a big number alarm clock that has good reviews.

Keep Him
Gina had brought a stray dog home from the park. He had no tags so she couldn't return him to his owners. Gina wanted to keep him. But he had already frightened her mother. Her mother refused to allow her to keep the dog.

Jello
Lou was on a diet but craving sweets. He boiled up a pot of gelatin and added Splenda. Then he poured it into molds and let it set in the fridge. Soon his sugar-free Jello dessert was ready. Lou snacked on his low-calorie dessert happily!

My day at the coast
Today I traveled to the coast in hopes of seeing dolphins. The drive to the coast was just lovely. On the way I enjoyed the most delicious seafood. After about one hour on the beach I saw three dolphins! They were so beautiful and seeing them made my day.

Julie Feels Sick
Julie was ready to go on her vacation She had booked a flight to Hawaii She was so excited to go on her trip She started feeling restless the night before her trip Julie woke up and couldn't get out of bed!

The Coworker
Tom had a new coworker at work. He tried to get to know the guy but the coworker was unfriendly. One day he heard of a party at work. Tom learned his new coworker had invited everyone but him. Tom was confused as to what he had done to the guy.

funeral
Ala's friend had died. She was distraught. She didn't want to go to the funeral. Her mom exhorted her to go, for posterity. Later, Ala was glad she'd gone.

Hot Days
Andy hated being hot. In the summer he tried to stay inside as much as possible. His friend asked him to go to Hawaii. He didn't want to go because he would be too hot. Andy missed out on a lot because he hated hot weather.

Dottie Needs A Bath
Dotty was being very grumpy. She had snapped at her husband, making him cross. He told her to go take a breather. Dotty decided to take a hot bubble bath. She felt much better afterwards.

When nature calls
Marty loved taking pictures. Everyday he would go to the nature trail to get good shots. One day he saw a butterfly emerging from its cocoon. Marty took amazing pictures of the process. Marty's photoset was featured in the newspaper.

The Candy Hunt
One Halloween, Gray was playing a game to find candy. He looked all through a pile of hay to find hidden pieces of candy. When he found the candy, he put it in his bucket. Gray thought it was more fun to find the candy than to keep it. At the end of the game, Gray had no candy because he would put it back

Dye
Tina had found her very first gray hair. She had to get rid of it! She decided to dye her hair at home. She bought a kit and colored it carefully. Afterwards, she felt much better about her appearance.

Cleaning the Park
Tyler and Jeff went to ride their bikes in the park. When they got there, they saw some friends with trash bags. They were cleaning up the park. Tyler and Jeff joined them. The each filled two big bags with trash.

Big City Scare
Nate went on a field trip with his class to New York City. He decided to sneak away and explore the city on his own. He got lost on the subway and couldn't find his way back. A police officer eventually helped him locate his group. Nate wasn't allowed to go on any field trips after that.

French fries
I went to McDonald's to get French fries. As I sat down to eat, my mom called. I forgot about the fries, but my Boston Terrier did not. I came back into the room and my fries were gone. I learned to never leave my fries with my dog again.

A Spoonful of Sugar
Joanie was playing outside in her backyard. She found a tired bumblebee on the ground. Joanie put some drops of sugar water next to the bee. The bee drank the water until it was all gone. After a few minutes, the bee felt better and flew away!

No Credit Allowed
I went to the town fair last July. The woman at the door said it would cost $5 to get in. I tried to hand her my credit card. They did not take credit so I could not get in. I had to walk to the bank to get cash before I bought a ticket.

Car trouble
Paul's car broke down. He needed to go to work, so he called a friend to ask for a ride. Paul's friend said that he would pick him up from work. When Paul's friend arrived, one of his back tires was low. Paul had to catch a taxi to work.

Fun in Miami
Alicia wanted to go to Miami for her party. She invited all her friends to come join. The girls all had fun. Until Julie brought her boyfriend. The girls were mad because it was supposed to be a girls trip.

Fireworks
I accumulated a set of fireworks on the ground. I also took a lighter to ignite them. As soon as they went off, loud noises occurred. However, one of the sparks landed on me. I quickly tried to shake it off.

poop stinks
I walked out to my car to get something. When i came back in, i noticed a foul smell. I looked everywhere for the smell. My friend said it was coming from me. Turns out I had stepped in poop when I walked outside.

Refill
I had to go get a refill on my medication. I went to the pharmacy, but the pharmacist was out. I had to wait forever for him to return. When he returned, he was able to give me my medication. I'm glad I waited for him.

gift
Ed had a girlfriend for the first valentine's day ever. He decided to get her a great gift. He bought her roses and flowers. He presented them to her with a flourish. She squealed with delight!

Boggle with Friends
Mily thought that she was the best boggle player in the world. She played boggle any chance she could get and always won. Mily challenged Steve to an online boggle game. Steve was even better at boggle than Miley was and Steve beat Mily. Mily was a gracious loser and admitted that Steve was the champion.

Crop Circles
Carl decided to scare his brother. He headed out to the corn fields and began to make circles. After finishing, he ran to get his brother. His brother called the news in dismay. Carl is now grounded by his parents for his pranks.

First Step
Ed just signed the papers to buy his first house. He arrived at his new home minutes later. He put the key in the lock and opened the door. He had a hard time feeling like he belonged there. He entered the house after a brief pause.

Movie
Ashley was watching a movie with her friend. They were at home in the living room. It was a new release that had just came out. The pair were enjoying the movie very much. It had been as good as the reviews suggested.

The Experience of A Lifetime
Charles had never been to Las Vegas. His friend suggested they go to Las Vegas. Charles was promised the best time of his life. In Las Vegas they went to a club that had private rooms for dancing. Charles had the thrill of his lifetime in a private room with a model.

Zoo
Chris loved animals very much. He wanted his mom to take him to the zoo. But they lived over an hour from any zoo, and gas was very expensive. Then his mom had a great idea. She took Chris to the pet store and let him see dozens of animals!

Christmas Tree
The Smith family were preparing for Christmas. They needed to get a new tree. They bought a large pine tree from Walmart. They set the tree in their living room. Afterwards, they decorated the tree and put a star on top.

Lost Mail
Bill was expecting a letter from his brother in the military. Bill waited for a month for the letter, but it never came. Bill went to the post office to get the letter traced. Unfortunately, there was nothing the post office could do for Bill. Bill was deeply saddened by the lost of the letter from his brother.

One Pierced Ear
Bonnie's mom took her to get her ears pierced. She had been pleading for months. The lady at the jewelry store did one ear. It really hurt! Bonnie left the shop with just one pierced ear.

Long security wait
Yesterday at the airport I had the longest wait at security. I was literally in line for over an hour. It was hard because I was carrying such heavy items. Finally as the line dwindled I was relieved. I vowed to never go through commercial again.

How I got a hole in my kitchen ceiling
One day Mary decided to take a bubble bath in her new apartment. It was very relaxing for her to use her new bubble bath. Afterwards, she went downstairs to make a smoothie. When she got into the kitchen, she saw water all over the floor! A pipe had busted leaving a gaping hole in her ceiling.

Doris
Doris plants flowers in the flower bed in her front yard The flowers she plants are always beautiful As Doris has gotten older it makes it harder for her to get out. Neighbors noticed that it was hard for Doris to be out. Neighbors now help Doris take care of her flower bed.

Jeff runs out of luck
Jeff had done it! He had won two tickets to the all star game On his way to collect the tickets he picks up a lottery ticket He scratches it off and wins 100$ On the way to collect the tickets Jeff blows his engine!

Day Off
Becky had the day off work. She decided to take her son out to eat. He picked his favorite mexican restaurant. Next she took him to get a haircut. They had such a great day.

Lost Time
Han decided to go grocery shopping. But he didn't make a list. He wandered back and forth between different aisles. And it took him over an hour to get everything he needed. From then on, Han decided to make a mental list before shopping.

Patching Tire
Samantha had a flat tire. She couldn't drive out of her driveway. She called up her mechanic. He arrived at her house an hour later. His mechanic was able to patch the tire up.

Poker Tournament
Adam went to the casino one Saturday night to play poker. He spent a lot of money on chips to bring to the table. At first it seemed like things were going his way. After an hour, though, he noticed his chips were getting low. In the end, he decided to walk away before he lost everything.

Pony Ride
At the fair, Lisa's chubby son was thrilled when he saw the pony ride. Lisa saw a sign with a weight limit, but bought a ticket anyway. The man running the ride hefted her husky son onto the pony's back. Lisa waved at her son as the music started. Her son's pony took a couple steps, then abruptly halted.

Lying on income.
Casey was trying to move into an apartment. They required a higher income than Casey actually had. She doctored some papers to make it look like she made enough. She submitted it, nervous that they would find out. Luckily they didn't and she was accepted to the apartment.

Play time
Rocky saw the sunshine and immediately began wagging his tail. Rocky begged his owners to take him for a walk and throw the ball. Rocky's owner took him outside and threw the ball for an hour. Rocky was overjoyed and chased the ball until he was exhausted. Rocky was happy and tired, and he slept well after his exciting day.

Dan and Shirley
A newly wed couple rolled into town one day. The first thing they did was go to the liquor store. Afterwards they went to the department store and bought fuel. After a long night of drinking they set a fire. The whole town burned while they rode away.

One Man Circus
A man put on a top hat and found a stick. He shouted to the neighbors that he was a one man circus. A few people heard his call and came over to watch. The one man circus did some acrobatics and sword swallowing. The neighbors threw him money for his great talents.

escape
Tili wanted to escape from prison. He bided his time and came up with a plan. One dark night, he set the plan into action. Sadly, it didn't work. Tili's escape attempt was stopped and punished.

Millie's hair
Millie always dyed her hair brown. One day, she decided to let her white hair show. She went to visit her grandson, who started crying. He begged her to dye her hair back. Millie went home that day and dyed her hair brown again.

A pinhole camera.
Viola had a photography class. Today, they were making pinhole cameras. She put the cardboard together. Then, she made a lens. In the end, her camera worked.

The Cold
Francis had a bad cold. He went to visit his sister Kay in the nursing home anyway. Kay caught the cold. The cold turned into pneumonia. Kay is now in the hospital.

Tonya Travels to France
Tonya wanted to travel and see the world. Traveling out of the country was too expensive for Tonya. Tonya started working extra hours to make money. Tonya's extra money was deposited in a savings account. After a few years Tonya traveled to France with her savings.

Touchdown
It was late in the 4th quarter. The other team was trying to run out the clock. Tom jumped in front of a pass for an interception. He eluded would be tacklers all the way down the field. Tom scored the game winning touchdown!

dumpster
One day at work, Ben had to take some garbage out. As he opened the dumpster he saw a man in it. The man was digging for food. Ben felt terrible for him! From then on, he brought out food for the homeless man.

No Commitment to Words
Nate asked Linda if they can go on a date. She told him that she's not interested in dating at the moment. The next day, Nate ran into Linda. She was walking around with one of her close friends. Nate refused to watch and walked off.

Online Dating
Janet was a single, forty year old woman. She focused on her career for many Year's. As Janet got older, she wanted to get married. She decided to start dating online. She met a wonderful man and they fell in love.

Anna
Anna wanted to go to the beach. She called up a few friends. They all said it sounded like fun! So they met at the shore and lay in the sun. Anna and her friends loved their day at the beach!

Please
Kim wanted to see Home Alone in the theater. Her mother said she couldn't take her to the theater. Kim asked her mother if she could go with her friend Beth. Her mother hesitated, then agreed. Kim called Beth excitedly to giver her the news.

The gift
Tiffany bought Christmas gifts for her two nieces. She brought them to her family's Christmas get together. One of the presents was a piano mat, the other a play guitar. The nieces fought over the piano mat and started crying and screaming. Tiffany basically ruined the Christmas get together with her mistake.

Christmas Things.
We try to do a lot around Christmas. This Christmas we will go to only free events. Those are the best ones. You get to have fun. Plus you don't pay for it.

lazy
Larry was tired after a long week of work. On Saturday he was happy to stay home all day. He ordered in a pizza. Then he rented a movie through the television. Larry had a great day of laziness and relaxing!

One shot
Perry won a raffle to take a half court shot worth $10,000. Perry constantly practiced his shot at the local basketball court. Perry was nervous on the day of the event. Perry only had one chance to make the shot. Perry was excited that she made the shot.

Let's Go Skiing
Tina loved to go skiing. For Christmas she received a pair of brand new skis. All winter she waited for it to snow. But the weather was too warm for snow to fall. Tina never had the chance to use her new skis that winter.

Friend or Enemy
Amy was no longer talking to Kim. She was tired of Kim being jealous. Lynn refused to take sides. Amy was upset she wouldn't stand behind her. Amy left Lynn in the lunchroom, alone.

Ticket for Speeding
Jake liked to drive fast and furiously in his new sports car. He was out driving on Saturday night with his buddies. He was going 30 miles over the posted speed limit. A police officer stopped Jake. Jake received a massive ticket and summons to court.

The Truck Ride
Gina's family was driving back to Minnesota. They had their grandpa's car, and a moving truck. All the kids wanted to ride in the truck. But her mother insisted they ride in the car. They all fought for who got the front seat in the car.

New Puppy
Lisa wanted to get a new puppy. She visited the local humane society. She found the cutest little white puppy! She named her new puppy Gizmo. Lisa and Gizmo went home together.

Getting Ready
Lucy didn't want to go to church. It was long, and boring. Grandma insisted she go with them. In the car she tried again to convince grandma to let her stay home. Grandma gave her a stern look, and pulled out of the driveway.

Bowling
Frank had never been bowling before. His friends decided to take him there on his birthday. When he got there he was afraid that he would make a fool of himself. His friends showed him how to hold the ball and pick out his shoes. Frank did horrible but really enjoyed the time with his friends.

Fishing
Kay went fishing at the lake with her dad. He loved to fish and invited her all the time, but she always said no. She bran to nod and fall asleep. When she awoke she apologized to her dad. He laughed and told her it was fine since he enjoyed her company.

Fred Visits His Brother
Fred hasn't seen his brother in Years. Fred decides to take the long car ride to New Hampshire to see him. When he finally gets there, Fred and his brother fight bitterly. Fred cuts the visit short in order to return home. Fred decides not to visit his brother again.

Healthy Lifestyle
Lorraine wanted to live a healthier lifestyle. She decided to throw away all of her candy and junk food. Later that day she had a craving for candy. She dug through the trash for her candy. Lorraine will try to diet again tomorrow.

Awkward
Gina was late to class on the first day of 9th grade. She walked in as the faces of strangers stared at her. She put on a brave face, and picked up the pace. She found an empty desk and sat down. Thankfully it was in the rear of the class where no one could stare.

Falling Asleep
I was writing a paper one night for school. I began typing, but no ideas came to my head. I decided to take a small break to think of ideas. I accidentally began to fall asleep, but snapped out of it. To avoid the sleepiness, I made some coffee and went back to work.

Molly's Beau
All her life, Molly had wanted a horse. When she was an adult, she started taking riding lessons. She learned how to ride on an older horse named Beau. One day, Beau went up for sale. Molly was able to buy Beau and she finally had her horse!

Ferdinand Lifts Weights
Ferdinand joins some friends at the beach this weekend. He notices that many of his friends are more muscular than he is. Ferdinand decides to get a membership at a local gym. He begins a routine of pull ups and using the bench press. Soon Ferdinand notices that he, too, is becoming muscular.

Fall
I lived in Arizona. The summer was brutally hot! Luckily, fall was just around the corner. The fall this year was cool and crisp with beautiful colors. I realized that fall was my favorite season.

Maya's Day
Maya went to work in the morning at the coffee shop. She waited tables all day long and got tired. She left work and stopped by a fast food place for dinner. She got home and ate dinner. She had a relaxing bath and read a book before bed.

Blaming the Wrong Person
Gary was in his sociology class. The person sitting next to him wanted to pass a note around. After Gary took the note, the teacher caught him. He ended up with detention. The person who passed the note was laughing at him.

Mystery Box
A cardboard box fell out of the sky and onto Kyle's head. The box fell out of a window, three stories above him. Kyle was going to return the box but was bitter about the event. He opened the box to see what was inside. It was a helmet.

Tennis
Sandra played tennis often. She was playing with friends during the day. She was up a set to her friend when she tripped. She fell face first onto the court. She chipped a tooth and rushed to the dentist.

Home Sweet Home
I graduated college without job prospects. Thankfully, my parents let me stay home until I found a job. Alas, I could not find a job after six months of searching. My parents understood and continued to let me live at their house. I soon found a job and I thanked my parents for their support.

Monica's Dog
Monica was out for a walk with her friends. One of them spotted a loose dog with a blue collar on. They called the dog over and it came. Later, Monica called the owner up using the number on the dog's tag. The owner said that Monica could keep the dog.

Message in a bottle
Ben wrote a note on a piece of paper while out at sea. He stuffed it in a bottle and put a cork in it. He threw the bottle far from the boat. The bottle floated in the sea for years. When the bottle finally landed on a beach it was found by a boy.

Too small to see.
My cousins and I were playing videos games. My mom came into the house with high heels. She tried to walk across us. Since she didn't see the console, she stepped on it. The console ended up broken.

Inconsiderate Acts
When my mom went to sleep, I walked into her room. I turned off her alarm clock since I didn't want to go to school. She woke me up the next day around school. She apologized to me for waking up late. I didn't reply since I was scared to get in trouble.

Can't Sleep
Jimmy tossed and turned in his bed. He could not fall asleep. He had an important presentation to give at work the next day. Jimmy was only able to get a few hours of sleep that night. He made many mistakes while giving his presentation at work.

Richard's love
Richard was a pet lover. He would go to shelters and donate money for the pets. One day as he was walking he found an injured dog on the street. He took him to a shelter. Eventually , the dog recovered and Richard adopted him.

Juliana's Car Trouble
Juliana's car broke down on her way to work. She couldn't afford to take it to a garage. Her brother said he'd take a look at it. Juliana's brother quickly solved the problem. Juliana's car is as good as new.

Running Late
Jake was running late for work. He was worried he would get fired. When he got there he noticed he was one of the first. He was informed about daylight savings time. Jake was relieved.

Rafting Trip
Last summer a few friends invited me to go rafting. It was a three day trip. I agreed to go. I never actually planned to. Once the day came around I pretended to be sick.

Ungrateful
Joe was excited to go trick-or-treating with a gang of boys. If the boys got cheap candy, they threw it on the ground. Joe wanted to fit in, so he did the same thing. When they finished, Joe headed home. He saw unwanted candy strewn around his own front door.

Raw Oatmeal Cookies
Hattie was making her famous oatmeal cookies. She put them into the oven. She set the timer for nine minutes. When the timer went off she opened the oven door. The cookies were raw because she had forgotten to turn the oven on!

Kungfu Panda
Jaiden loved Kung Fu Panda. The new Panda movie was coming out. Jaiden asked his parents to take him. His parents agreed and took Jayden to see the movie. Jaiden had a blast at the movie theater with his family.

Writing Short Stories
I asked my friend Rachel to help me write some short stories. After a little convincing Rachel helped me write a few short stories. Once we were done, Rachel decided she wanted to go eat candy in bed. I decided to continue writing short stories. I will always write short stories.

Thin Ice
Joe's dad cautioned him to stay off of thin ice. One day, Joe and his pal saw a sign by a pond that said Thin Ice. Joe's pal dared him to go out to the middle of the pond. Joe refused, but his pal headed out on the ice. As Joe turned to go home, he heard the ice crack.

Amanda
Amanda was failing in college and was about to get kicked out. She saw the counselor and was questioned about her poor grades. Amanda told the counselor that she worked as well for support. The counselor offered her to move in so she could save money. Amand's grades rose and she graduated.

Apartment
Emily had 2 weeks to get an apartment or else she would be homeless. All the arrangements were in order, except she had to get approved. The apartment complex denied her application for a bad rental history. She had to deal with being homeless, until her family gave her a place Through this, she realized how important family values are.

Changing Tastes
Ken was sad to learn that his favorite restaurant had closed for good. He started looking for another Chinese restaurant to take its place. After some Internet research, Ken realized there weren't any nearby. He decided to try an Italian place he had never been to. He was happy to find it was even better than his former favorite.

The Johnsons Go To Disney
Last summer, the Johnson Family went to Disney World on vacation. They were so excited to ride all of the fun rides! But then it rained all day, so they couldn't ride any rides. The children were so disappointed and cried a lot. But the next day was sunny, so they rode rides all day!

Amusement Parks and Tangled Hair
Stephanie had plans to go to an amusement park with friends. Her mom recommended she put her hair in a braid or ponytail. As usual, Stephanie didn't listen. Her hair got so tangled from the rides that she couldn't comb it. Stephanie ended up cutting her hair out of frustration.

Holiday Cards
Every year at Christmas time I send holiday cards to strangers. I advertise my cards on an online forum to strangers. I take the time to insert a positive quote for people to smile at. I always make sure to put stickers on the envelope before it is sent. Once complete, I mail the cards and wait for them to arrive.

Car
Tula thought she was a good driver One day, Tula went into a parking garage. When it was time to leave she hit a large pole. Her truck got a huge dent in it. Tula's confidence in her driving abilities was shattered.

Spilled Beer
Tom was drunk at a party. He didn't want to admit it. He went to get another beer. While trying to drink it he spilled it everywhere. It made him finally admit to being drunk.

New perfume line
Kim was very excited to start her own perfume line. She started getting her materials together. When everything was set, she put them out in stores. As a result, the products sold out. Kim was thrilled.

Decision
Tina really wanted to lose some weight. She decided to go on a diet. Before starting her diet she got rid of her junk-food stash. Now she only buys healthy foods and doesn't cheat on her diet. Tina is losing weight and feeling better than ever!

The best costume.
Rachel was at a Halloween party. She was wearing an extravagant homemade costume. She decided to enter a costume contest. All of the entrants had to parade across the stage. To Rachel's surprise, she actually won the contest.

Stomp
Gina's mom had taken a rap tape from her kids. She walked outside and put the tape on the sidewalk. She smashed the tape with her foot. Gina looked at her brother to see if he was upset. He stood smiling as his tape was smashed.

Lazy Day
Larry had a very hectic week at work. Larry needed to mentally digress from the stress of the week. Larry decided he would take time to do nothing. He bought some beers, and chips from the store. Larry decided that today would be his lazy day.

Visit at the zoo
Kevin loves lions and tigers. For his birthday his parents surprised him with a visit to the zoo. He was so excited to see the lions and the tigers. He also got to see a lot of other zoo animals. Kevin had a great time and talked about this zoo visit for days.

The Picnic
James packed sandwiches, salads, and desserts to take on a picnic. He met his wife and kids at the park and set out a blanket. Everyone sat down to eat the food. They told stories, talked, and laughed as they ate. They then cleaned up trash, folded up the blanket, and went home.

Where is it?
Marty saw the snow was falling down hard outside. He grabbed his shovel and put his gloves on. He began to shovel the driveway as it snowed. When he was finished he took his gloves off. When he took his gloves off, his ring went flying into the snow.

Birthday Party
Belinda was invited to her cousin's birthday party. However, on the day of the party, Belinda got sick. Belinda was very sad that she could not go to the party. Belinda's cousin heard that she was sick, and decided to visit her. Belinda was touched that her cousin came to see how she was feeling.

Woes with Cheese
Jane had always been lactose intolerant. She had been invited to the wedding of a close friend. All the food served there seemed to contain dairy products. Jane had a difficult time eating enough to make her feel satisfied. Jane left after the wedding to get some fast food.

New sheets
Amy needed to go to the fabric store but had no babysitter. She decided she would bring her son James with her. James watched intently as the fabric was being cut. A day later Amy found James with scissors cutting her bed sheets. She could only laugh, she knew he learned this from the fabric store.

Rice Full of Phone
Ed dropped his new phone in a puddle. His friend told him to put it in a bowl of uncooked rice. He said it would absorb the water. Ed didn't believe him, but he was desperate. The next day his phone was totally back to normal.

Morning Walk
We put on our coats because we were ready to go. Even though snow was on the ground, we were warm once we left. We walked for several miles before getting to the schoolhouse. When the teacher saw us approaching, he opened the school doors. Pencil in hand, I sat at my desk ready to learn.

Wedding Dress
Ashley is getting married this summer. She just got her wedding dress and as super excited. She asked her mom if she could get the expensive one. Her mom was so happy for her that she said she would pay for it. Ashley is so thankful to be surrounded by loved ones!

A Good Deed
My sister called me today and said she ran out of gas. I told her to hold on and I went to get some gas for her. She was a good hour away from my house. She was so thankful that she bought me lunch! It felt good to do something nice for someone else.

Wolf
Bill was hunting wolves. He had set several traps all around. He also used the proper bait to lure the wolves. He heard the snap of one of his traps in the distance. But it was a rabbit that set one of his traps off.

The baby won't sleep.
Georgia was trying to get her baby to sleep. He was very fussy and wouldn't stop crying. She tried many different tricks that usually worked. Still the baby wouldn't sleep. She finally gave up and let him cry it out.

The Spilled Soda
Mother told Ben not to sit on top of the chair. She warned him that he would fall and spill his soda. Ben did not listen to his mother. But then he fell and did indeed spill all his soda! Embarrassed, Ben apologized to his mother.

Looking For Work
A man was out of a job for months and needed money. He went to a temp agency to find a job. The told him to go to a warehouse across town. The man showed up for work on the first day ready to work. He enjoyed the job so much be asked to be full time.

Angie's Bad Marriage
Angie was in a bad marriage. She decided it was time to leave her husband. It was the hardest choice she ever made. The first few days was so rough. Angie finally figured out it was the best decision she made.

Caught in the Rain
Sam wanted to go to the park His mom told him it was going to rain. Sam didn't believe her. When Sam got to the park it started to rain. He went back and apologized to his mom for not believing her.

Disney World
Ethan's parents told him they would go to Disney World soon. If Ethan misbehaved, the trip would be cancelled. During school, Ethan tripped a little girl and made her cry. He also lost his homework. Ethan's parents cancelled their vacation.

Suspicious Package
I was supposed to get mail today. I checked the box several times. At around five o'clock my neighbor came knocking. She said people had been taking others packages. So she took mine and saved it for me.

Hike in the woods
The couple went to take a hike in the woods. They hiked for miles. On the way the encountered a big ferocious bear. The man screamed at the bear. The bear ran away in terror.

Vladimir Plays Pool
Vladimir realized he had not left his home in two days. He decided it was time to get out and see people. Vladimir went to the local pool hall to play a few games of pool. When he was done, Vladimir felt much better. He decided he would never go so long without leaving the house.

Grand Canyon Adventure
Robert decided to take his family on vacation. He chose to go to the Grand Canyon. The family drove to the trip destination. The kids were overwhelmed with the experience. Robert and family decided to go on many more vacations.

Driving
Randall wanted to go for a drive. He drove for a few miles outside of town. All of a sudden there was a loud bang when the tire popped. Randall worked for 20 minutes to change the tire. Soon, he was back on the road happily driving again.

A Close Call
Bill, while taking a walk, came to a wide street. As he began to cross the street, he heard a siren coming closer. He decided to get back on the curb, and a car whizzed by. The car was closely followed by a police car blasting its siren. Bill almost got hit by a car being chased by the police!

The Big Salad
George asked Elaine if she wanted anything to eat from the diner. Elaine asked him to get her a big salad. George bought her the big salad. Elaine thanked him for it, but didn't pay for the salad. George got mad at Elaine because it was a big salad.

Blake
Blake wanted to try out for the football team. He practiced all summer and lifted weights as well. When fall came he tried out for the team. Blake ended up making the team as a starter. Blake was happy that his hard work paid off.

Damp Bedspread
Gina had washed a bedspread. It was the largest thing she ever washed. She had to hold it against her chest to get it out of the washer. She pushed the bulky, wet item into the dryer. She then realized the front of her shirt was damp.

workout
Matt looks really skinny and weak. He decides to go workout. He buys weights online. He starts working out every day. He gains a lot of muscle.

Trial of Fire
The scouts gathered around the hot fire. The scoutmaster had five initiates lined up ready to walk. He prepped their feet and they started to walk across the coals. As the last initiate successfully made it across, the scouts cheered. The s'mores and marshmallows were brought out to celebrate.

Revolving Door
Gary loved visiting the bank. They had a revolving door. He usually got to go around 4 or 5 times before he had to stop. Today there was no one around. His mom let him go 10 times before she made him get out.

Extra Actors
A big movie was being filmed in a small town. Jay went to the director to ask to be an extra. The director said he could as long as he didn't get paid. Jay accepted the offer and was in many scenes. When the movie came out he bragged to all his friends.

Dave Upset
Gina had asked her teacher to move a boy's desk. She wanted him far away from her and hoped he would leave her alone. But he made more visits to her desk than before. Now he would come and take things from her. Gina knew there was no one she could ask to help.

The Heat
I set my oven to 350 and put some dough in to make cookies. Very shortly after I smelled a burning smell. I checked on the cookies and they were burnt. I concluded that my over was much hotter than 350. I had to throw away my cookies because they were bad.

Truck Trouble
Bob is surprised when his truck breaks down on the highway. Bob gets a tow truck to take him to a garage. A police officer comes along and gives them an escort. They arrive safely at the garage. The officer even gives Bob a ride to a car rental company.

Getting Groceries
Neil's wife asked Neil to go to grocery store. The family ran out of milk. Neil drove to the supermarket. He picked up a gallon of milk. Then, he paid for the milk at the register.

FroYo
Sarah and her friends went to get some Frozen Yogurt. Sarah was almost scared by the amount of options given there. She had a lot of trouble picking out of two outfits today. After trying every flavor possible she still couldn't choose. She tried so many flavors she was now full off of free yogurt.

caught cheater
Billy thought his girlfriend was cheating on him. He would catch her on the phone with another person. He wanted to catch her in the act. He came home early from work one day. There was another man in her house.

Too Evil
Adler tried to place a fire ant in his brother's bed. He got bit by the ant several times. In addition, he caught an infection. Adler's dad was angry from what happened. He decided to send Adler to summer camp.

A New Place
Penny had just moved to a new home. She was nervous to go to her new school. When she arrived to her class, the teacher introduced her to everyone. They all greeted her kindly. Penny was relieved.

Sleeping Issues
Stan always had issues with insomnia. He was always tired and irritable. Stan decided to go to his doctor. His doctor gave him some sleeping medication. Stan sleeps well from now on.

Church
Since he was raised catholic , John would always go to church. It was a tradition that he continued to follow through the years. He eventually met a nice young lady at church. They found they had a lot in common. They eventually got married and had the ceremony in that same church.

Cell Block
Jimmy's favorite move is the uppercut. He likes to sneak up on people to perform the maneuver. On this day, Jimmy decided to uppercut a stranger. He threw his arm into the motion, but his uppercut was blocked. Jimmy was arrested by an undercover officer.

Exercise Stress
I have to exercise tomorrow. I need to get a good sleep tonight. I'm not sleeping well. That's making me stressed. I'm thinking about cancelling my workout.

Test
Jim was worried he was going to fail he stayed up all night studying. He was so tired he didn't hear his alarm go off. The get was at 9am but he woke up at 10am in a panic. He frantically ran to the test and got there in five minutes. On the door was a sign that said the test was cancelled.

The Collision
Cory was cute but dangerous. When he was in Grants Pass, he influenced a peer to ride with them. She said yes and five kids drove around on iced roads. The driver turned a corner too fast and the car spun. A UPS truck slammed into Cory and his friends, killing all but two.

Sabbath
Jeremy bought the new black sabbath album He sat in his room and turned off the lights He lit candles to set a mood He listened to the album the whole way through He loved it

Snowman
Saturday morning Lindy woke up to find it had snowed. She quickly got dressed to go out and play. She called her friend Jenny to meet her. Together they built a huge snowman. They tied Jenny's red scarf around its neck.

Salsa Night
Joan dragged Eli to the school's salsa dancing event. Eli did not want to go at all. He liked that they served chips and salsa there. Joan taught him some basic moves. Eli ended up having an enjoyable, if clumsy, evening.

First date
Lewis was nervous to go on a date with Stacey. The two met at the Olive Garden restaurant. Lewis pulled out Stacey's chair and the two ate. They talked about everything from sports to politics. The date went well and they two shared a kiss.

The Phone Tap
Greg suspected his girlfriend of being unfaithful. When he answers his phone, the callers hang up! Greg used a computer software to wire-tap his phone. He received emailed audio files of all conversations over his phone. His girlfriend had a new boyfriend and they talked about marriage.

Quinn buys a bird
Quinn was walking home one day when she passed a pet store. She decided to go in and take a look around for fun. When she walked in, she heard someone curse at her. Shocked, she realized it was a bird in the window. She started laughing and decided to buy the bird.

Too Soon
Today, Kary started a relationship with her new-boyfriend. After several months, I asked if we can hang out. We decided to meet up in person. I noticed that her stomach was unusually large. She told me that she was pregnant.

Janie Gets Revenge
Janie was often mistreated by a family member. She decided to get revenge. Janie registered for a gun and waited 30 days. She got the gun and learned to use it. Janie got a gun and put a bullet in her relatives toe.

Toothless Jimmy
Jimmy liked to argue with people and fight all the time. His mouth was louder than everybody, and he enjoyed hearing himself. One day, Jimmy decided to walk to a group of people and started again. The group jumped towards Jimmy, and the argument turned physical. After Jimmy lost his teeth, he learned to stop starting arguments.

Ice Cream Sundae
Jody was excited to go to the ice cream shop. She pleaded with her parents to let her choose from the menu. When the waitress came, Jody pointed to a picture on the menu. Her parents relented, but shook their heads in dismay. Jody nearly made herself sick finishing the huge sundae.

Windchimes
Hazel loved the serene sound of windchimes. When she put one on her porch, friends noticed. They brought wind chimes to add to her collection. Hazel hung each wind chime on the porch. The serene sound of chimes became a noisy racket.

planned a date
I wanted to take a guy on a date. I called him the other afternoon to see his availability. Turns out he was free tonight! We've made plans to go see a band. I'm really looking forward to it.

Against Your Will
Tom wanted Diana to stay home Friday night to hang out. She told him that she couldn't since she has a business meeting. However, Tom threatened to beat her up if she went. When he went to the bathroom, she ran away. A few minutes later, she called the cops to arrest him.

Able and the Calf
Able was given a calf by his father. Able was told to take care of the calf until his father returned. Able took care of the calf and they became best friends. Able waited for his father to return. Both Able and the calf had grown up but his father never returned.

Rock Climb
Rita was very afraid of heights. Her new friend invited her to go rock climbing. Trying to impress her new friend, Rita decided to go. Rita harnessed up and started ascending the mountain. She realized that heights weren't so bad after all.

Back up
Gina wanted to cross a closed road. But you weren't able to drive over the street at all. Gina realized she had to back down the street. She backed her car up slowly to the intersection. She was upset, but there was nothing else she could do.

Moon
Abe wanted to go for a walk. He got held up by a lot of work. It was dark out when he was finally done. However, there was a super bright moon out. Abe went for his walk by the light of the moon.

Dog love
Arnold was scared of big dogs. One day he had to go to his girlfriend's house. His girlfriend had a big dog. The big dog went to him so he could pet him. Arnold nearly fainted as a result.

Hungry Cat
Jim was woken up by his cat this morning. His cat was hungry and wanted to be fed. Jim tried to ignore the cat and go back to sleep. The cat kept swatting Jim's face. Jim gave up and got out of bed.

No Ride
Gina needed to go to the library downtown. But her parents wouldn't take her. She needed to find a way to obtain books about dolphins. Her only other option was to ask the local library to order them. Gina grabbed her backpack, and headed to the library.

Recital Hair
Ana had a dance recital to participate in. Her teacher required that they wear their hair in a bun. Ana didn't know how to put her hair in a bun. She asked her friend to do her hair. Ana's friend made her beautiful bun and Ana was happy.

The dropped guitar.
Sean had some guitars on stands. He walked into the room when he saw his toddler holding one. His toddler tried to carry the guitar a few feet. Suddenly, he dropped it. The guitar broke and Sean was pretty upset.

The cool rental.
Abigail had set up a rental for a vacation with her husband. She wasn't sure what to expect from the place. When they arrived she was very pleased. It was a cozy, private cabin with nice furnishings. She enjoyed her stay a lot.

Healthy Eating
Jeff loved to eat sweets, but his parents wanted him to eat healthy. They purged the house of all sweets, and put Jeff on a diet. Jeff was furious, and threw a fit asking for his sweets back. When he went to his friend's house, Jeff gorged himself on chocolate. But Jeff wished he had listened when he spent all night throwing up.

Lunch box
Little Johnny wanted a new Star Wars lunch box. He asked his mom to go to the store. He picked out a new one with chewbacca on it. He thought it was so awesome and couldn't wait to show his friends. He was so pumped to bring in his new lunch box to school tomorrow.

Johnny Goes to Sea
Johnny has had a nice few months living with his girlfriend. However, he is running out of money quickly. His girlfriend begs him to stay at land. Still, Johnny boards the boat to earn more money. Once at sea, Johnny never thinks about his girlfriend.

Walk in the park
Yesterday I took a walk in the park. It was beautiful day outside and I loved walking. I took a seat on the bench and relaxed. To my surprise I met someone. We ended up going for coffee after.

Calamari
Jim was a picky eater. His friends always liked to go to fancy restaurants. One day they ordered an appetizer of calamari. He wanted to try it. He actually found out he liked it.

Two Big Events
Jeff won the lottery when his numbers were announced. He decided to take his main family out to dinner. After leaving, his wallet fell out of his pocket. Some random stranger found a check with money and took it. Jeff returned to the restaurant for his wallet, but he lost his money.

Carl is late
Carl is running late to work. His alarm clock didn't go off due to a blackout. He jumps out of bed running to get ready. After he is ready, he eats a banana for breakfast. He jumps in his car, and makes it to work only two minutes late.

Rebecca and Public Speaking
Rebecca has to give her first speech in public speaking class. She is so scared as she walks to the front of the class. At first, her voice and hands shake. Then she realized she could dazzle the audience instead. She settled into a groove, and ended up loving the task.

Cherry lip gloss
Sally's crush Bill commented how good her lip gloss smelled. She was holding the tube because she had just put some on. She asked him if he wanted to try some. He said yes. Instead of taking the tube he bent down and kissed her.

Martha's Strict Parents
It was starting to get late outside. Martha was hanging at the movies with her friends. She had to get home by her 9 PM curfew. When Martha arrived back home, she was a couple of hours late. Her parents grounded her for a week for being late.

Melanie
Melanie was afraid to go away to camp. She thought she would be lonely and homesick. But when she got to camp, she was surprised. Everyone was nice and she made many new friends! Melanie had such a great time, she didn't want to come home!

Quex Quacker
Quex loved to go to the park. He would always go to the duck pond. Quex would always feed the same duck every day. One day Queen's favorite duck wasn't there. Quex came back every day to see him but he never came.

Drag Racing
Matthew had just gotten his driver's license. He used his mother's sedan to go get groceries. At the first light the car next to him wanted to race. Matthew revved his engine. The light turned green and Matthew decided not to race.

Sick Day
Jon decided to call in sick to go to a baseball game. He decided the baseball game was more important than work. At the game, he was approached by another fan. The fan turned out to be his manager who also went to the game. Jon was fired on the spot.

Nap Time
Cam is so tired. He lays down to take a nap. He can not fall to sleep. He gets up and eats a snack and watches some television. He falls asleep on the couch while watching his show.

Dog Bath
Rex had a pitbull puppy. A puppy that loved to roll around in trash. So Rex had to bathe him on a daily basis. The puppy hated water though. So every night Rex was left cleaning trash and water masses.

Siblings
Gina's friend Lisa was coming over to visit. When she got off the bus she was pushing a stroller. Her mother made her bring her brother and sister. Gina would have to help her watch the kids. That ruined Gina's plans to go bike riding.

The party
Jack wanted to throw a dinner party. He went shopping for the food he would cook. Jake told the butcher he wanted to purchase veal. The butcher stated the didn't sell veal anymore. Jake decided not to throw the party after all.

On Display
Bob inherited a few hundred glass animals he didn't what to do. He tried to arrange them on his book case and coffee table. He has too many animals to display properly. His friend informed Bob about an upcoming flea market. Bob jumped for joy at the prospect of selling off the animals.

Harsh Remarks
My family got ready for church today. I put on a suit I've had for several years. When my mom looked at me, she looked puzzled. She said that my clothes were dirty and needed to be thrown away. She didn't hesitate to yell at me since I didn't want to change.

The Long Bike Ride
Brett met a new friend at work who invited him to for a bike ride. Brett wasn't in shape but figured they would only go for a short ride. They went to a park Brett thought was pretty small. After a half hour he asked his friend how long the ride would take. Brett found out he was doomed to a four hour round trip.

Billy's Collection
Billy decided to collect insects. He got a butterfly net and some jars. He spent the whole day collecting insects outside. He filled all his jars with different insects. Billy decided that he enjoyed his new hobby.

Actor's Dilemma
Hannah had the lead in her school play. She was worried because the other kids weren't learning their parts. Hannah met with the director to voice her concerns. The director talked to the cast and made sure everyone was on track. The play turned out to be a huge success!

Long Ride
Bill and his brother decided to ride their bikes to the family cabin. They packed their bikes with supplies for the long trip. Twelve miles later, they were tired and halfway there. When they got to the cabin, they went inside and collapsed. The next day, they called their parents begging for a ride home.

The Cave
A fat man went climbing into a cave. His friends told him not to go because it was dangerous. He went anyway, and got stuck down in the cave. He died because he was too fat to get out. His skeleton is still in the cave.

Jack in the Box
Greta played with her Jack in the box dozens of times. So she wasn't startled any more when he popped out. One day her brother put a mask on Jack. When he jumped out he looked totally different. Greta was so startled she ran crying to her mother.

Cavities Galore
Teresa had not gone to the dentist in a long time. She decided to go to a dentist that had advertised a cleaning special. The dentist told her she had ten cavities. Teresa was upset, and went to get a second opinion. When the other dentist told her she had no cavities, Teresa was happy!

He Passed
Jason hooked school to go to the DMV. He was there to take his driver's license exam. Jason was nervous as he began the road test. He followed the instructor's directions and returned to the DMV. Before exiting the vehicle, the instructor told him he had passed.

Tub Drain
I could not get my tub to drain. I tried everything. I finally took a screwdriver and unscrewed the drain. Inside was a huge clump of hair. I finally unclogged the drain.

My trip to Japan.
I went to japan last summer. I decided to visit many popular cities like Tokyo and Osaka. I went to see many of the historical shrines and temples of Osaka. Afterwards, I went to many clubs and parties in Tokyo. I had a lot of fun and returned home with many memories.

When You're Broke
Bea checked her account in the aisle at the supermarket. She saw that she was as broke as she thought she was. Instead of picking up the can of Progresso, she put it back. She pushed her cart further down the aisle. When she got to the section, Bea picked up four packages of Ramen.

Katy's Wedding
Katy was having her wedding. She wanted everything to go perfectly. Someone ended up tripping into one of the tables. The entire wedding ended up being a disaster. Katy was extremely sad that her big day was ruined.

Very First Basketball Game
Karen was excited to go to her very first Lakers game. Karen walked into the stadium in awe with her family and sat down. She purchased a hot dog and some candy from the attendants and ate. The game was getting close and nerve racking. When the Lakers won, she jumped for joy.

Back A Little Further
Gina reversed her car to the bottom of the icy hill. She drove quickly and steadily to get up the hill. She prayed there would be no cars at the intersection. She wanted to speed up the hill and onto the main street. If she stopped at the stop sign, she would be stuck again.

Model Train
Bo's favorite part of Christmas decorating was putting out the train. He and his dad would work together for hours setting it up. They put the track around the Christmas tree. They'd set up a whole village around it. Then they'd sit back and enjoy watching it circle the track.

Duck Love
We were leaving the house for a morning walk when we noticed a duck. This little green and black duck was sitting on our front porch. He seemed very tame and friendly, so we named him Wadley. After a month of feeding Wadley, he showed up with 17 kids and a wife! We now have a total of 19 ducks.

Zoo
Ava wanted to go to the zoo. he called her sister and they agreed to go together. They met at the zoo entrance. Together they went in and saw the animals. They had a great day at the zoo!

Determination
Jenny was driving down the road when suddenly another car hit her. She was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. The doctor told her that she would never be able to walk again. Jenny refused to believe it and worked hard over the next year. Jenny walked back into the hospital and shook the doctor's hand.

New York
Amanda was such a cheery girl. She decided to move to New York for work. Upon arrival, she was so cheerful and happy while walking around. But people frowned at her and looked at her crazy for her happiness. She decided to assimilate, and started frowning everywhere she went.

At The Store
Gina was at the grocery store near her home. She needed to get a copy of a key made. She hoped the line was short so it would be a quick trip. In the store there was a line at the service desk. Gina let out a big sigh, knowing this was going to be a long wait.

The Injury
Johnny's only plan for a career was to be an athlete. He accepted a basketball scholarship to Duke University. By his senior year he was sure to go into the NBA. But he went up for a rebound and then came down and hurt his knee. Johnny couldn't go pro and didn't have the drive to find a job.

The Salty Stew
Mother was making her family stew. Father thought she never put enough salt in it, so he added some. Unbeknownst to him, their daughter had done the same! And their son had snuck some in, also! Mother was not happy when she realized her stew had been ruined.

The stray dog
Missy went for a walk. While on her walk she saw a skinny dog. The dog had no collar and look like it was starving. Missy coaxed it to follow her and brought it to her house. Missy nursed the dog back to health.

Dance
Jeremy was at a club. He saw a beautiful girl. He started to drink so he could have the confidence to approach her. He does and they dance. He gets her number.

Marcus Takes a Bike Ride
Marcus wants to get out of his house after watching TV all day. He decides to ride his park in a nearby park. On the bike ride, Marcus sees birds and squirrels. He goes home feeling tired but satisfied. He is happy that he left his house.

The Upstairs Kids
The new upstairs neighbors have kids. They run around and are loud all day. They seem old enough to be in school. I called the authorities to see why they weren't. They showed up to investigate today.

Black Friday
Jen left early to go stand in line for the big sale. Jen was surprised at how many people were ahead of her. There was a mad rush as the doors were opened. Jen stood back and watched while people were trampled and crushed. Jen browsed the store calmly as the medics aided the other shoppers.

Farmer's Tan
I decided to move to a farm to become a farmer. I would work in the sun for ten hours a day. Eventually, I developed an extreme tan. Alas, the tan was only on my forearms and head. When I was shirtless it looked silly so I cried.

An Dismaying Truth
A man set out to make a comic book. When he was finished, he asked his friends to read it. None of them could tell any of the characters apart. He discovered, to his shock, that he was a terrible artist. Everyone had been lying to him for years to spare his feelings.

The Flood
It had been raining for days. The waters kept rising on the Wilmore's property. They put up sandbags and dug trenches but nothing helped. Eventually they had to evacuate. They lost the house and most of their belongings.

Walk Along the Beach
Alice wished that her boyfriend would take her to the beach. She tried dropping hints to him. She attempted to leave subtle notes as well. Finally, she outright told him to take her or leave. She is now enjoying a romantic stroll for the whole evening.

Golden Brown
Tony went to the beach on a hot July day. He forgot his sunscreen in his car and didn't want to go back. Tony thought that it wouldn't be a problem. He had a lot of fun swimming in the water. On his way home he could feel a terrible sunburn forming.

Long Shower
Beth and Joe went to their cabin retreat for a short break. They had to hike for several hours to reach the cabin. Sweaty and dirty, they both felt they needed to take a shower. Beth took a shower first and used up almost all the water. Joe got upset at Beth and went for a dip in the lake.

Button Mashing
When my friends play video games, I usually win. We set up an unofficial tournament this past Saturday. I played nonstop for almost an entire week to get ready. On the day of the event, I won every round until the finals. For the first time, David beat me claiming the top spot.

Wasted effort
Sam stayed up all night working on his presentation. He finally finished at dawn. He laid down for ten minutes before he had to get ready for work. Unfortunately, Sam overslept. Missing his presentation at work, he was fired.

The Wonders of Kitty Litter
Ben's car was stuck in his icy driveway. He had nothing to create traction to get it out. His mother said they had a 10 pound box of kitty litter. He poured some behind each of his tires. It gave him the traction he needed to start the car moving.

donut day
Anna's class was having a party called Donut Day. Each student had to bring in some special type of donut. Anna was Irish, so she brought Irish-themed donuts. She made frosting shamrocks to decorate them. Anna's class loved her Irish donuts!

A New Dog
Jake was excited, he was going to get a new dog today. He went with his family to the shelter to look at the dogs there. He saw a small white dog that kept looking at him. Jake had to have him. They went home with the dog and Jake named him patches.

Free Period
Senior year of high school I had three free periods in a row. Certain days this could mean three and a half hours of nothing. We weren't allowed to leave and come back but I petitioned. Very quickly they understood. After that I was able to come and go and had a much better year.

Friendship
Anna wanted to give her friends friendship bracelets for Christmas. But she had so many friends, she couldn't afford enough bracelets! Then she thought of a clever solution. She got out her strings and set to work knotting. Each girl received a beautiful homemade bracelet from Anna!

Travel
A man desired to travel the world. He made that the most important thing in his life. He saved for years to travel the world. He eventually traveled the world. He reached his goals of traveling and felt gratified.

Jack
Jack loves walking to the Marathon. Usually Jack takes his uncle Tony with him. Today on their walk they ended up stuck in the rain. Jack and Tony ran to the Marathon to get out of the rain. Shortly after arriving, the rain stopped and they walked home.

What's Best For Tommy
Tommy didn't like vegetables. His mother had to get creative in order for Tommy to get his vitamins. Tommy still always knew his mother was trying to feed him vegetables. He continued to rebel, and his mother finally snapped. She started to force-feed Tommy his vegetables.

Baseball Game
Richard had never been to a baseball game. His uncle bought tickets for the two of them to go to a game. He excitedly walked into the baseball stadium. A ball was hit into Richard's direction. Richard caught the foul ball.

Tattered shirt.
Sally was looking through her wardrobe one day and saw a shirt. It was a shirt she liked, so she put it on. Sally saw she was late to work, so she rushed out. At work, everyone started laughing at her. She looked down and realized the shirt had holes in it.

The shooting star
Emmett, an amateur astronomer, brought his telescope to his yard. He set it up to observe the planets in the solar system at night. In a quick flash, Emmett observed a shooting star in the telescope. The shooting star shot across the sky and Emmett made a wish. After making his wish, he recorded his sight in his journal.

Meat
The bully at school punched me. He gave me a black eye. The nurse gave me a cold steak to put on my eye and soothe it. Alas, the meat infected my eye. My parents sued the nurse and won the case.

Jackson Learns English
Jackson knew that learning English was the key to getting a great job. He had tried learning before but had always failed. Now he was determined not to give up until he could speak very well. He practiced very hard with a native English speaker. Now Jackson speaks English perfectly.

Passion
Jill wanted to bring back the passion into her marriage. She bought a very intimate costume. Jill met her husband at the door wearing it. He laughed at her and asked when dinner would be ready. Jill returned the costume and got her money refunded.

The big pizza carry.
Sara walked down the street to pick up pizza. She figured that she'd be able to carry it herself. She made it about halfway before it was too much to carry. She ended up texting her husband. He came outside and helped her the rest of the way.

Escape
The thief told the cashier to give him all the money in the machine. As soon as he received it, the cops broke into the bank. He ran towards the back door since no one was there. Instead of chasing him, the cops tried to drive there. The thief eventually lost them.

Right Or Left
Gina was going to turn on a side street to escape traffic. The cars were backed up for blocks back to back. If she turned right she would have to fight to get back on the street. The street to the left was empty. Gina decided she would turn left to escape the traffic.

Sold Out
Lucy's Grandma decided to take her to a movie. She was excited since she wanted to see the Star Wars movie. Lucy looked up the show times so they knew when to go. The movie started 30 minutes earlier than she remembered. Unfortunately, the movie was sold out.

The Ocean
Ken had always been afraid of the ocean. One summer, his friends decided to go to the beach. Ken went along to spend time with them. He went in the ocean with everyone. He found that there was nothing to be afraid of.

In Trouble
When my daughter was in 3rd grade, her school called us up to come in. A angry principal told us our daughter paper toweled the girls room. The principal had to get on a ladder to removed the paper towels. I was so embarrassed as she told us the story. My husband, burst out laughing.

Go Online
Sarita wanted to get a college education. However she wasn't very interested in living on campus. Neither did she have the finances to live in an apartment. Sarita decided to live at home and attend an online university. In 3 years she had her Bachelor's degree and was happy with her choice.

The Nose Job
Kara was sick of constantly feeling ugly. She decided to get a nose job. After her nose job, she had to heal for a few weeks. She then noticed more men were paying attention to her. Because of this, Kara felt happy with her decision.

Cereal Prize
Billy's mom just got a fresh box of his favorite cereal. There was a prize in the box somewhere! He knew he'd get in trouble if he put his hand in the box. So he poured it all into a huge bowl. He still got in trouble, though.

Nobody Knew Noah
Noah was a quiet boy who watched the world go by. He never said much to anyone. Until one day when he broke his silence to sing a song in church. No one expected his voice to be so low and so pure as he sang. Every girl in the room sat with her mouth hanging open in awe.

Only Cotton Will Do
Jenny put on a pair of long underwear made of synthetic material. She donned her NOMEX pants over the leggings and hurried out the door. She miscalculated the fire's pace and got caught in the flames. Jenny's synthetic leggings burned into her skin. She screamed every time the EMTs cut another piece away.

Garry Builds a Bike.
Garry rode his bike every day. After a while, he wished to know how the bike worked. Garry decided to take his bike apart and rebuild it in his garage. After this project, his interest in bikes grew greatly. Eventually Garry was inspired to open his own bike shop.

The slushie spill.
Max had just bought a slushie at the gas station. He brought it home and set it on his desk. Then, he went to the bathroom. When he came out he saw that his cat had knocked it over. There was blue ice everywhere, and Max had to clean it up.

Picture
Judy was getting ready to leave for college. Her parents were very sad to see her go. They decided to get her a picture of them before Judy left. Judy appreciated the gift very much. It now hangs in her dorm room.

Yosemite
I wanted to go to Yosemite National Park. I decided to drive there. Along the way I saw a bear. I stopped to take pictures. Then I realized it was actually a deer.

Jacob Buys a Truck
Jacob hated walking to school. All of his friends were able to drive to school with their cars. Jacob got a part-time job after school. He worked hard to save up the money he earned from his job. Jacob was able to buy himself a used truck after 5 months of saving.

New makeover
Bill wanted to give his wife a surprise. Bill decided that he would give her a makeover. Bill scheduled a hair dresser and a makeup artist for her. In addition, Bill hired an individual to give her a massage. Bill could not wait to see his wife's reaction to his surprise.

The Swim Team
Joe was a good swimmer and decided to try out for a swim team. He practiced his swim strokes all summer long. In the fall he tried out for his school's swim team. He tried his hardest and completed all the practice laps. Joe found out the next day that he had made the team.

The Dog Party
All the students at Smith school got to bring their dogs to class. This was allowed once a year, and it was a special occasion. On this day, they principal threw a party for the dogs. At the party, the dogs ate treats and played fetch. This was the best day of the year for all the neighborhood dogs.

Beach Day
It was a hot and sunny day in New Jersey. My friends and I decided to take a trip to the beach. We packed into a car and started the hour drive. Once we got there, we sprinted towards the ocean. After hours on the beach, we took the trip back home.

Dating
Mike saw a girl walk into the coffee shop with a group of friends. She was really cute and he couldn't stop looking at her. He built up his courage and walked over to her table. Once she noticed him, he asked her out on a date. She agreed so they settled on a day and time.

Unexpected Lunch
I placed the burrito wrap into the toaster. After several seconds, it was finished. I tried to get the wrap out of the toaster however, it got stuck. The wrap also became burnt. I threw the wrap away and started over.

House Plants
John's apartment was looking quite bleak. He wanted to spice the place up. He went to Walmart to buy some home decor. He bought some house plants. His new apartment looked great with the new plants.

Carpet Cleaning
Chuck was all set to clean the den carpet. On the way through the living room he tripped. He spilled cleaning fluid everywhere. The living room carpet was soaked. Chuck was proud that he cleaned the carpets that day.

Near Death
I was at the beach last summer. I decided to go in a bit in my pants. The tide drew me out Before I knew I couldn't feel the ground. I had to wave over someone to help me back to shore.

Roy's Big Move
Roy was unhappy about having to move to a new town. His father had gotten a new job in another state. His parents told him they didn't have a choice about leaving. Roy tried to accept the fact that there would be an adjustment period. After a couple weeks in the new place, he started to make new friends.

Banana
There was a boy who was packing his lunch. He told his mom to get some fruit. She asked if he wanted some fruit. She picked up some fruit and gave it to him. He was happy that  she picked up some bananas.

Homework
Sara was very diligent in completing her homework. She always received good grades as a result of her attentiveness. Sara told her friends that they would get good grades if they studied. They started studying together in the library after school. After a little while, Sara's friends also received good grades!

Sleeping in.
Franny had been waking up all night. She was hot, uncomfortable and anxious. She couldn't get deeply asleep until the sun was already coming up. Thankfully, her husband let her sleep in that day. To thank him, she cleaned the whole house.

As Boring as it can Get
Daniel started to get furious. He tried to talk to his girlfriend on their date. She barely responded to his comments and mostly talked about herself. Daniel made up an excuse saying that a family emergency came and left. His girlfriend texted him the next day and he didn't respond.

My Favorite Dog
I had a dog named Skip. Skip loved to run around outside and jump a lot. One day he fell off of a park bench and broke his leg. I rushed him to the vet and he was put in a cast. Skip was always more careful when he was running around after that.

Julie and the Scary Movie
Julie wanted to see the new Batman movie but was too young. When she asked her parents to take her they said no. The next day she dressed up to look older and went by herself. The ticket taker let her in without a second glance. Ten minutes later she ran out of the theater crying for her parents.

Clown School
Sara wanted to go to clown school. Her friends thought she was joking, but she was not. She enrolled and learned how to juggle, drive in small cars, and leap. She went to children's birthday parties and made them laugh. Sara had found her calling in life.

Parting Is Such Sweet Sorrow
Matt's family decided to move to the other side of the country. He tried to hold back the tears as he said goodbye to his best friend. Matt told his parents it wasn't fair. When they got to their new home, his parents had a surprise. Matt now texts his best friend on his very own smartphone.

The Snow
I woke up today and it was snowing. I was supposed to run errands, but with the snow it wasn't possible. I had to get creative with what we already had in the cupboards. I decided to make soup using carrots, chicken broth, and noodles. It turned out really great.

Balls
I like playing in the ball pits. The kind with all different colors are my favorite. I like to hide in them. Once, I thought I was going to be squished by others. It was one of the scariest moments of my life.

Naked Regret
Nicole posted a nude photo of herself to an anonymous account. She thought it was safe because it was run by her college. She started to freak out that her boyfriend might recognize her. The pictures were posted to Snapchat by the account. Nicole promised herself she'd stop making decisions while drunk.

Baseball Scholarship
Matt began playing baseball in middle school. By his senior year in high school he was being scouted by colleges. One scout told him to get his fastball up over 90 miles per hour. Matt trained hard all year to break that 90 miles per hour mark. Matt broke that barrier, winning a full scholarship!

Taxi
Larry was new to living in New York. He was very shy and didn't like to get in the way. One day he needed to call a taxi for the first time. He nervously raised his hand and waited a bit. He quickly decided to take the bus instead.

The Mturk Worker
Nate really wanted to make money to buy computer parts. He decided to work on Mechanical Turk to get this money. Nate completed survey and various tasks for small cash. Then, he finally got enough to buy his parts! Nate bought the parts online and was very happy.

Action
Charles's favorite movie was Die Hard. He made a bowl of popcorn, and grabbed the DVD. Charles was all set to watch the movie. He realized the DVD player was broken when he put the DVD in the tray. It cost $40 to fix, But Charles was still able to watch the movie.

Bernie Sanders' run for president
Bernie claimed to be a man of the people, and wanted to help them Bernie decided to run for president HE informed his wife, and friends He gained a strong support system He was real close to beating Hillary, but fell short

Giving up
Tim was playing football with his friends. They were losing badly. Tim decided they should just give up. As tim's team left, Tim saw his little brother watching. Tim decided to stay and play to set a better example.

Spilled remover
I was painting my nails yesterday when I needed remover. I unscrewed the cap and put it on the carpet. Unfortunately the remover spilled everywhere. The room smelled horrible. I had to open the window to get the smell out.

Acne
Georgia had acne which she hated. That was normal for a teenager, but Georgia was sixty. She went to the doctor to get medicine for it. But the medicine cost over a hundred bucks a month. Georgia decided to live with the acne.

Sleepy jeff
Jeff wanted to go to sleep. He had school early the next day. Michael ended up playing video games. He played till very late at night. Jeff fell asleep in class.

Whale Watching
Tom was a professional whale watcher. He liked to go out on his big boat and watch all of the whales. There were many different kinds of whales to watch. At the end of every day, Tom would go to bed a happy man. Tom loved his job.

Pizza on the ground
Iris and Lisa were getting into a fight. They both were arguing over dinner. They proceeded to take it outside. Yet when they did, Lisa's pizza went on the ground. She then had to pick it up.

Fishing
Billy had gone fishing. He was hoping to catch lots of fish. He waited all morning. He caught a big fish right around noon. Billy was happy to have caught something.

Learning to Ride a Bike
Ronnie decided to help his little sister Sarah learn to ride her bike. Sarah got a new pink bike for her birthday. Ronnie held the bike while Sarah got on. It had no training wheels, so Ronnie ran alongside. Sarah got going fast, and rode it proudly into an evergreen bush!

Sue's Going Away Party
Sue was going to move to a new country. Her friends wanted to celebrate by throwing her a party. They had a huge bonfire for her. Her friends drank and laughed the night away. They had a great time and missed Sue when she left.

Beach Mishap
My boyfriend and I were walking along the beach. He asked me to hold the car keys as we were walking. I accidentally dropped the keys into the water. The alarm remote was attached to the keychain. When we got back to the car, we couldn't disable the alarm.

Mystery Stone
Bob opened his door to get the morning newspaper. Instead of a newspaper, a large rock was on his front step. Bob tried to get rid of it but it was too heavy. Bob called his friend over to help him move it. The two of them were able to toss the rock in the woods.

The Chemistry Set
Amy got a new Chemistry set for Christmas. She decided to wait until her best friend Beth could come over. Beth also asked for a chemistry set. Amy called Beth excitedly. Beth sadly told Amy she did not receive a Chemistry set.

Rest
Ray had trouble sleeping even though he always seemed to be tired. One afternoon, he decided to go for a walk. And when he came home, he felt better. Ray was able to get a good night's rest. So afterwards, he decided to walk everyday.

Dance lessons
Rob wanted to impress his wife. He decided to take dance lessons. He practiced the waltz and the samba. On Valentine's Day he took her dancing. She was more than impressed.

Anna Rides For The First Time
Anna wishes to learn to ride a bike. She talks her friend into helping her learn. He explains the mechanics of bike riding to her. They spend most of the day practicing riding the bike. At the end of the day, Anna finally rides the bike by herself.

Running Errands
Jim was supposed to run errands. Instead he laid around all day. He played video games and watched tv. His wife was upset that he didn't do what he was supposed to. They got into a fight over it.

Breast Milk
Tracy was a new mother. She wanted to give her baby the best of everything. Tracy decided to breastfeed her baby. It was a difficult thing to do at first and painful. After a month it became much easier and Tracy was proud of herself.

Kitten Disagreement
Two friends, Katie and Jon decided to rent an apartment together. Katy friend had wanted another kitten all her life. She asked her roommate to get a kitten. Jon said no, because he was allergic. Katy was sad, but understanding.

The forgotten laundry.
Maggie put a load of laundry in the washer. Then, she accidentally fell asleep. The next morning, she remembered her laundry. She checked on it and found that it smelled mildewy and gross. She decided to run another wash cycle.

Clear Skin
Beth wanted to get a skin peel at a dermatologist office. The doctor told her the results would be immediate. She waited in the chair with her face burning for 20 minutes. She told the doctor it was burning but he said this was normal. When done Beth was upset to see her face looked like a steak.

Panic
May had burned her leg with a curling Iron. Her mother would be upset if she found out. May put the curling iron back where she found it. She put a band-aid on the burn. She spent the whole day hiding the burn from her mom.

Spider fever
Mindy decided to go over jake's house. They both are scared of spiders. Mindy had to go to Jake's bathroom. In there she found an enormous spider on his roof. She panicked and ran screaming out of his house.

The Good Mom
Rhonda's mom used to leave her at home and go out of town. Rhonda was way too little to stay at home alone but no one knew. When Rhonda grew up she never let her kids out of her sight. She had spent too many nights alone and scared. Rhonda's kids thought she was the most awful mother around.

Art Appreciation
As a music major in college I had to take an art elective. I have never been able to draw so I chose to take Art History. The class was so boring that I literally couldn't stay awake. Eventually I dropped the class and took Art Appreciation instead. I don't think I learned to appreciate art from a class.

Marathon
Jim decided he wanted to run a marathon. He looked online and found a training regimen. He trained for 8 months and felt confident about the race. Race day came and Jim finished the race in under 4 hours. He celebrated his accomplishment with friends and family

Candy Hats
Bonnie and Sue stuck candy all over some hats for the Easter Parade. They finished them up two days before the parade. Bonnie put them in the guest room at her house. On the morning of the parade there was no candy on the hats. Bonnie's little brother and sister had eaten all of it.

Toy Swap
Nelly got up before anyone else on Christmas morning. She ran downstairs to see what Santa left under the tree. She saw a deluxe toy kitchen set and a stuffed bear. Nelly hugged the bear, glad that Santa brought just what she wanted. She didn't guess the stuffed toy was meant for her baby brother.

The Wait
I went to the theme park for the rides. I went to the most popular ride in the entire park. The line was very long. I stood at the end and waited for my turn. The line slowly moved forward and I with it.

chopping wood
When we were at my cousin's place we had to chop some wood. We each took an axe and took swings at the logs. My older nephews were much better at it than me. I was too weak and barely made any dents. It was my first time learning how to chop wood.

Pimples
Tim has pimples on his face. He was very sad. He tried everything to get rid of them. He tried cream, pills, and spray but nothing worked. Finally, after rubbing aloe on the pimples, his face was clear.

Billy went to a bar
Billy wanted to meet his friends out for a trip to the bar. He called them all up individually. Once he spoke to them, he began to get ready. It didn't take long to get ready. Once he was read, he left for the bar.

Break a Leg
A community theater held open auditions for my favorite musical. I had never been in a plays before, but I couldn't pass this up. I got a part in the show. We have been rehearsing for two months. Tonight is opening night and everyone is telling me to break a leg.

Hot Stuff
The man at the pizzeria had a busy day making pizzas. He stuck his hand in the over to take out a slice. The heat of the oven was too much for the man. His hand felt like he had a sunburn because of the oven. After putting aloe on it, he felt good enough to work more.

Our Friends' Cabin
Our friends built a cabin from spare wood. They were very proud of it. They let friends and family stay in it from time to time. One set of friends accidentally burned down the cabin. Now my friends are very sad and have to start rebuilding.

Play Barbies
It was summer and Gina's sisters were outside playing. But Gina wanted to stay inside and play Barbie dolls. She asked them if they would play with her. But they refused. Gina decided to play in the air conditioned house alone.

War paint
Sam wanted to give himself war paint. He looked up examples of people in war paint. Sam found a pattern that he really liked. He painted himself just like the example. Sam took a photo of himself in the paint.

Thirsty Janet
Janet was very thirsty. She went to her kitchen to get a glass of water. When she got there she found that she didn't have any clean glasses. She looked for a coffee mug to drink out of, but there were none. Eventually Janet just drank water out of a bowl.

Magazine party
Kendall had a busy night. She had to attend a magazine party. She got her hair and makeup done for it. As she walked in though, she tripped on her dress. Her fall was very embarrassing for her.

Shrinkage
Elle put her new sweater in her laundry basket. Her mom did the laundry as usual. She left Elle's clean clothes on her bed. Elle picked up her new sweater and slipped it on. It didn't fit because it has shrunk in the wash.

The Play
Erica wanted to be in the school play. She was scared to audition. When she finally got up enough nerve, only the lead roles were left. She tried out. The results were posted and she was Cinderella!

Nick
Nick was from a poor family. He wanted to attend college, but they just couldn't afford it. Then he heard about a solution. Nick joined the army for four years and traveled a bit. Then he came home, and the Army paid for his college degree!

My Son
My son moved 1,000 miles away to go to college in NY It was a big adjustment for him. He began to make good friends. He worked hard to get on the Dean's list. He now has lots of friends and good grades.

Lost in the Desert
Jim was tired with work, so he dropped out and went on an adventure. He had never been to the desert, so he decided to go there by plane. When Jim got to the desert, he quickly got lost amidst the cacti. Jim ran out of water and wondered how he would ever survive! Luckily, Jim found a town and was able to make it home safe.

Old Sheets
Bill gathered his bed sheets and put them in the laundry. He went to his closet to get a clean set of sheets. Bill picked two different sets that he liked. He had a hard time deciding which one to use. Bill decided to mix up the two sets as a compromise.

Erin and the girl
Erin was at a cafe one day drinking coffee. He ordered cake and a server came to give it to him. Erin felt attracted to the server, so he asked her out. The server accepted and they went on a date after work. Erin and the server have been going out for a year now.

Finding God
Herald went to the river to go swimming one day. He jumped into the water but was overwhelmed by the water. The river quickly became too strong and pulled Herald away. Just as Herald prayed for his life, he saw a hanging tree branch. Herald pulled himself out of the water and thanked God.

What's for Dinner?
Mom and dad were about to get off work and thinking about what to eat. Mom said there was nothing to eat at home and sent dad to the store. Dad left the office and ran to the store to find something for dinner. At the store he found a rotisserie chicken that would be perfect! That night, at home with the kids, they enjoyed a quick and easy meal.

Archer
Rory was taking archery lessons. When he was good enough, he decided to enter the archery contest. The winner would receive one hundred dollars cash! Rory tried his best during the competition. But, to his dismay, he did not win the cash prize.

Francine Learns Trombone
Francine had always wanted to play the trombone. She decided to get lessons with a local trombone player. Francine practiced trombone every day at home. Eventually she was an expert trombone player. Francine was very happy that she could finally play trombone.

David Got Sunburnt
David went to the beach on Saturday. His sister put on sunblock. She offered sunblock to David. David refused her request. David went home with a painful sunburn.

Ray's Roots
Ray was forced to go back to his hometown. Ray thought the trip would be boring. When he got there he was surprised at what he saw. Memories flooded back into his mind of his childhood. Ray had the best weekend of his life!

Wolf in Sheep's Clothing
Ezekiel was herding his sheep one fall evening. He noticed a wolf running along a hill in the distance. Ezekiel put on his wolf hide and crouched towards the wolf. The wolf approached and sniffed Ezekiel. Ezekiel jumped from the hide and stabbed the wolf in the neck.

The Meeting
Tina, 26, always wanted to go to the local water park. Today, she decided, was the day she would experience the water park. She relaxed in a tube in a wading pool. But a cute black guy flirted with Tina in the wading pool. Tina married that cute black guy and laughed at where she met him.

Summer Camp
Jared couldn't wait for summer vacation. He was going to attend his first summer camp! He day dreamed about all of the activities. When he was actually there, Jared was surprised! It was as thrilling as he pumped it up to be.

SuperCuts on Saturday
My kids needed haircuts. We all drove to SuperCuts. The wait wasn't very long. They looked very handsome when the beauticians were finished. Then we headed to Red Robin for dinner.

lost wallet
Jen came home from her shopping trip. When she put away her purse, she noticed she was missing her wallet. She got really upset about it. Later on that day she received a phone call from a store manager. She was relieved to hear that someone had found her wallet.

Bob's Dinner
Bob was watching a cooking show where they were making steak. Bob got hungry. Bob went went to the store to get steak and mushrooms. When Bob got home Bob cooked the steak and mushrooms with butter. After Bob had eaten his delicious Bob felt satiated.

Independence Day Parade
Ed and his friends put red white and blue streamers on their bikes. They attached American flags to their bike handles. They were riding them in the Independence Day parade. They were even wearing red shirts and blue jeans. They felt proud as they rode along with the floats.

Star Wars or Star Trek
Jim was extremely bored on Sunday. He decided to go to a convention. A Star Trek convention was being held near a Star Wars convention. Jim was tired of Star Wars. He decided to got to the Star Trek convention.

The cruise
Sherry had always wanted to take a cruise but couldn't afford it. As she got older the dream of a cruise seemed to die. One year for her birthday her family gave her a special gift. She opened the box and there were tickets for a cruise inside. She had the time of her life and would never forget the adventure.

Flood
Christian wanted to do his own laundry. He put his clothes in the washer and put the detergent in. He used too much detergent. Soapy bubbles started to pour out of the machine onto the floor. Before he knew it, the entire floor was flooded.

Running out of time
Tim was watching a movie on his laptop that was unplugged. When the movie was nearly over, the laptop had low power. Tim put his laptop down and searched for the right cable. He plugged in his cable just in time. Tim finished watching the rest of the movie.

Four Eyes
Sue's doctor told her she needed to wear glasses. Sue was aghast, fearing her friends would mock her. But she picked out a stylish pair and put them on, hopefully. The next day at school, she received so many compliments! Her classmates thought she was even prettier with her new glasses!

Caleb's Drugs
Caleb had been a good kid, taking care not to get into bad stuff. That is why his mom was so shocked when she found drugs in his car. She confronted him about them. Caleb admitted that he needed help. Caleb's mom found him the help he needed.

Cheap Treat
Judy was supposed to bring a treat for the school party. Her mom said they couldn't afford to buy treats or extra groceries. Judy and her mom searched the cupboards for a solution. They found a bag of popcorn and a sack of marshmallows. Judy's popcorn balls were the hit of the class party.

Turning 21
Bryan was very excited that he just turned 21. He made plans with friends and family to go out on his birthday. Everyone at his party kept offering to buy him drinks. Bryan ended up having over 15 drinks. He couldn't remember his 21st birthday the following day.

Croatia
Bob decided to go to Croatia. He had heard about the marvelous beaches there. He booked a plane ticket and packed his bags. When he got there, the weather was terrible. Bob never got to swim at the beach.

Mum's the Word
Sam had to wait to watch the last installment of a detective show. His girlfriend watched it without him. She vowed to keep the ending a secret. That night, Sam's girlfriend dreamt about the program. She awakened Sam by suddenly blurting out the ending.

Pizza party fun
Michelle decided to throw a pizza party. She got all the girls together at her house. The girls had a fabulous time. But when the girls made the pizza, they burned it. Luckily it still tasted good.

the emerald
Remy was fascinated with precious stones, especially emeralds. She decided to take a course in cutting precious gems. The course was excellent, and she was able  cut several stones. The teacher brought a semi-precious emerald to the class. Remy did so well in the class, that the teacher let her cut the stone.

Mowing the Lawn
My wife and I just moved into our new house. The past owners didn't care about their yard much. I try to take better care of it. I mow it all the time. I also make sure to water it and keep it looking green.

Writer
Carrie had been assigned an essay for English class. She feared she would get a terrible grade! But she put in all her effort despite her lack of confidence. Then, after the teacher had read the essays, he pulled Carrie aside. To her shock, he said her essay had been the best in the class!

The in-law fight.
Kasey was visiting her brother. She didn't get along very well with his wife. One day, the two were cooking dinner. An argument broke out over how to cook the pasta. Eventually, Kasey was so mad that she left the house.

Hearing Loss
Jenna was at a concert for her favorite band. She was front stage and was able to catch all the action! She nodded her head to the music. When the concert was over her ears started ringing. She had trouble hearing for the next week.

The little boy
A little boy was playing a video game. He constantly kept yelling at the game. His mother told him to stop or he would have to get off. The little boy did not listen to his mother. So the mother told the boy to get off and he had nothing else to do.

The Dreams of Friends
Becky had six friends in while in high school. They all had dreams of being successful. They planned to go to college. Three of her friends became pregnant before school ended. Their dreams never came true.

Johnny's Spaghetti
Johnny planned to cook spaghetti for his family. He was a very good cook and often made great tasting food. When making the spaghetti, he forgot to put garlic into the sauce. He served the spaghetti to his family. The family was unhappy with the bland tasting sauce.

Merry Go Round
Jill watched the merry go round as she waited to get on. She couldn't decide what animal she would ride. She thought maybe the white horse with a pink saddle. But the bunny was adorable. She rode it twice so she could try out both of them!

Bonfire During The Rain
Sammy was camping with her friends. They had just set up camp near the base of a mountain. They were about to make a fire when it started to rain. Sammy and her friends had to get the fire going in their dry tents. They were able to rough the rain with the aid of their bonfire.

Furniture Assembly
Parker wasn't very good at assembling furniture. He called his brother over to help him put together his table. They read the directions. They screwed together the top and the legs. Parker fed his brother dinner on the new table.

Test Tent
Garry bought a new tent and wanted to test it out. He set it up in his backyard and staked it down. He crawled into the tent and lay there for a while. Rain began to fall and Garry was dry. He declared this tent test a success.

The Sunglasses
Richard went to the store one day. He found a cool pair of sunglasses and bought them. After purchasing them, he put them on his face. While wearing the sunglasses, people gave him weird looks. When Richard got home, his wife told him the glasses were for women.

Bike Ride
I took a ride on my bike today. I tried going down a steep hill that i usually avoid. I started speeding down the hill even while pulling the brakes. I couldn't figure out a way to stop the bike. I ended up falling off and twisting my ankle.

Running Low on Money
Joe had quit his job to travel the world. He traveled for three years. Eventually, his money started to run low. He tried to take up odd jobs abroad to make ends meet. Alas, things didn't work out and he had to return to America.

Fourth of July
Sam wanted to get fireworks for the Fourth of July. He bought big fireworks and small fireworks. He even got sparklers. His family and friends showed up at his house. Sam put on a spectacular show!

Running errands to the bank.
Fred needed to get to the bank, but it was out of town. He asked a friend to drive him there. Once he got the bank, he worked out some account issues. On the way back home, they stopped at a beach for awhile. A little bit later, they got home.

Bad Start
Jerry got lost during the walk to his last period. He didn't know where to find the class and ended up moving in a circle. Someone was kind enough to show where he needed to go. Since the bell is going to ring in several seconds, he speed walked. However, he was late to the class.

Our Cat
We used to have a big house in the country. We had a problem with field mice coming in. We decided to get a cat. He was good at catching mice. We never saw another live mouse in the house.

Tangled Wires
Jake bought new headphones. He used them often. Every time the wires would get tangled. Eventually he got frustrated and tried to rip them apart. They tore and his headphones became useless.

The new game.
Hannah had been saving up a lot of money. She really wanted to buy her own video game. She asked her mom to take her to the store. Unfortunately, the game that she wanted was a bit too expensive. Then, her mom offered to pay the extra amount.

Handle Break
Amy was at the grocery store shopping for the week. She purchased more than she usually did. When done she packed her bag tightly so she didn't' have many to carry Halfway to her car the handle broke on one of her bag. Amy had to chase lemons half way across the parking lot.

Trip to the Vet
The small dog refused to walk up the stairs. The dog's owner was worried, so he took him to the vet. The vet carefully examined all four paws and diagnosed a sprain. The vet prescribed a painkiller to make the dog more comfortable. The owner was glad it wasn't something more serious.

The Hike
Francis wanted to visit a national park. She decided on yellowstone and planned the trip. She took off and was excited for all the hiking she would do. She arrived and embarked on a 3 day long hike. She saw such amazing scenery and was so happy she had made the hike.

Getting hair curled
Eliza was excited to get to the dance later. She got her hair done and makeup done. She curled her hair and picked out a nice dress. Finally when she was ready she got in the car. When she got there she got many compliments.

Phone Call
Someone called me during class. I decided to go to the bathroom to answer the call. The person on the other line told me that he knows what I'm doing. While being terrified, I hung up. I also tried to report the incident to the police.

Driving through the snow
I had to drive through a blizzard. It was terrifying. My car was sliding all over the road. I finally was able to get where I was going. I felt extremely relieved.

Store Trip
Amy woke her friends Lynn, and Kim up at 12:30 PM. They needed to walk to the store. The girls were hesitant to wake up. Amy threw the curtains open, and flooded the room with light. The groggy girls got up, and dressed for a walk to the store.

Surfing
Mindy tried surfing one day It took her several tries to stay on. Mindy eventually got the hang of it. She met several friends when she went surfing. Mindy was glad she tried something different.

The Car Thief
Lauren didn't have her own car. Heather let her drive her car whenever she needed to. One day, Lauren drove Heather's car but didn't want to give it back. Heather asked Lauren repeatedly to return the car, but Lauren refused. Lauren was arrested for stealing Heather's car.

Walk in the woods
I took my daughter for a walk in the woods. We headed for the stream out back. She was hoping to find a frog or a turtle. She ended up stepping on a small snake instead. Our walk ended before we even got close to the stream.

Harry and the train station
Harry was taking a train in New York city. He was trying to get back home but was really tired from working. Harry fell asleep during the train ride. When Harry woke up, he was at the wrong station. Harry doubled the amount of time it took him to get home.

Ice Cream
Marge was walking around downtown. It was super hot outside. She was looking for a place to cool off. A local store was offering a free ice cream cone! She gladly went in and bought a drink to go with her ice cream.

Slipped down the canyon
I was on a hike with my friend one day in a forest. We noticed a large canyon and wanted to get a better look. When we got closer to the canyon's edge, the dirt collapsed under us. We slipped and fell very far down into the canyon. Luckily, when we stopped falling, we were not hurt at all.

Full Steam
The train was late to its next station. The conductor needed to make the train go faster. He began to shovel in coal into the furnace. The coal made a lot of heat. The train began to pick up speed.

vape
Christian looked at people vaping Suddenly he had a strong desire to get a vape He went to the store and bought one. He vaped for a week or so. He got bored and gave it away.

Tacos
Matt loves tacos. He eats at Mexican restaurants all the time. He wanted genuine tacos so he decided to go to Mexico. He found the best tacos in all of Mexico. The drug cartel killed him for no reason.

A Quick Ride
My friend needed a ride to the airport. Her flight left on Tuesday. She didn't ask me until an hour before her flight left. I agreed to take her. She missed the flight and owes me gas money now.

Finals
John was very afraid for his biology final. He needed to get an A to pass the class. John decided to study every day for two hours. He was very confident when he took his final. John got an A on his final.

Salt in the pepper shaker.
Randy always thought it was funny pranking strangers. Until the day he put salt in the pepper shaker. He never took into consideration anyone getting hurt. That afternoon the cops came to Randy's door to tell him bad news. His mom had passed away, she died from an allergic reaction to salt.

Trip to Disney World
The Smith family was excited to go to Disney for the first time. The kids immediately ran to all of the fun rides at the park to play. Kelly, the youngest, could not wait to eat at Epcot. The family then went to an Italian restaurant for dinner. The family had a great time and took hundreds of pictures.

No Pillows
Harry had just moved into a new apartment. He had just set up his bed. He noticed that he didn't have any pillows. Harry slept awkwardly on his neck that night. In the morning, his neck felt extremely sore.

Joker
Steve was a practical joker. He thought it would be funny to put a fish down his wife's blouse. He got the biggest, slimiest fish he could find. He snuck behind her and dropped the fish down her blouse. She screamed and hit him with her purse.

Engagement
Alice and John were set to be engaged. She knew she would receive a ring one day. John had been sneaking around. He asked her to meet him for dinner. He pulled out a box and brought out the ring.

The new house
Tammy was excited that her family was moving to a new home. It had been a long time coming, and they needed a new house. They traveled very far, about 1000 miles to get to their new place. It was very exciting for tammy, but she was also nervous. When they arrived at their new place Tammy loved it and wasn't scared.

Megan
Lisa is a nurse with a 4 month old baby girl. Her daughter's name is Megan. Lisa does not want to put Megan in daycare. Lisa asks her friends and family if they can babysit while she works. Lisa's mother says she is willing to watch Megan for her.

Divorce
Brad and Jen were always fighting. They tried therapy but it did not help. They decided to get a divorce. At first it hurt them both, but not for long. Soon they were both much happier.

Help
Stephanie was presented an amazing career opportunity. However, she would have to move far away from her sister. This was a hard decision since her sister a newly single mom. Stephanie knew her sister needed her help because of this. She finally decided that she wouldn't accept the job.

No Mail
Someone in my neighborhood ran over my mailbox. The mailman did not know how to deliver my mail without a box. I did not get mail for 2 week until I got a new mailbox. The first day with the new mailbox I got 20 letters at once. It took a long time to read them all.

Ice
My front walkway froze overnight. It was icy and I slipped a little. I decided to drive to the store and buy salt. I salted the walkway. It's now safer to walk since the salt melted the ice.

Photographs
Ian wanted to become a male model. He asked all his friends how to do it. They told him to get a bunch of publicity photographs. Ian did as they suggested. He's excited that he's going to be in the next Zoolander movie!

Lunch
It was noon and I was hungry. I took some spring mix lettuce and cheese from the refrigerator. I put some lettuce, blue cheese, and salad dressing in a bowl. I tossed the salad. I ate my lunch.

Cutting onions
Ted loved onions. He put them in everything. However, onions made him cry when he cut them. Ted had an idea. He wore goggles and never cried while cutting onions again.

Abnormal Sounds
Tim moved into a new apartment. He kept hearing creepy sounds at night. He was afraid the place might be haunted. Eventually he followed the sounds to a wall and called a plumber. The plumber found out old pipes were the problem.

On Duty
Jeremiah was a policeman who got injured while on duty. He spent two weeks watching tv on the couch in his cast. Wanting to get back to work, he walked into the police station. He had his cast on him, but he claimed he was ready for duty. His boss sent him home and thought he was crazy.

Free Tickets
A representative from the circus came through town. He handed out free tickets to people. When he had no more he put up signs. People saw the signs and asked for tickets. The representative told them to come to the circus for more!

My New Puppy
For Christmas, we decided it would be a good idea to get a new puppy. We went to the pet store to look around and choose the one we wanted. A little black and white puppy looked lonely in the corner. She was scared and shaking, it was clear she didn't want to be there. We chose that puppy and brought her home to be part of our family.

Library
Bill lived in a nice community. He knew the town library was recently constructed. He decided to visit it. He rented many books. He frequented the library regularly and loved it.

The White Sofa
Amy loved visiting at her cousin's house each summer. She loved their chic decor and the escape from her strict home. Here, Amy was allowed to eat what and where she wanted. Alone in the living room, Amy spilled a grape soda on the white sofa. She flipped the cushion over and didn't say a word about it.

The Sewing Machine
Lucy's grandma was going to teach her to sew. Lucy ran to the basement to get the sewing machine. The machine was heavier than it looked. Lucy wasn't able to lift the sewing machine alone. Lucy and her grandma worked together to bring it upstairs.

The Dive
Jenna went to the swimming pool. She got into her bathing suit. She made sure to put on her sunscreen. Jenna tested the water with her toy before getting in. Jenna dived off the diving board all day long.

Prize Winning Pumpkin
Farmer Joe was not going to let his neighbor beat him this year. He was going to have the biggest pumpkin! He carefully put small slits into three of his little pumpkins vines. He fed each of them milk the entire growing season. His pumpkins easily won at the fair that year!

Ski Trip
Norman went with his class on a ski trip. Norman was excited to go skiing for the first time. The class arrived at the base camp. There were reports of a recent avalanche. The slopes were closed for the day, and Norman's class went home.

Mike's accident
Mike got up one morning to take a shower. Mike took his clothes off, turned on the water and began to shower. While standing in the water, Mike lost his balance. Suddenly, he fell quickly to the floor. Mike caught himself, but broke his wrists in the process.

Ben's Books
Ben loved to read and collect books. He would store books he had read in his attic. He had read thousands of books and had them stored in the attic. One day there was a loud creaking noise coming from upstairs. Before he knew it, his floor collapsed under the weight of the books!

Snow Storm
Tom decided to go skiing in a snowstorm. His friends told him it was a bad idea. He set out against howling winds and pelting snow. Finally, he made it to the bottom of the diamond run. He had a cup of hot chocolate with his friends at the lodge.

Big Night
I walked to the movie theater a while back. It took me three hours to get there. When I did I was accosted outside asking for opinions on The Avengers. Then on the way in I was stopped and my bag was searched. I really had trouble enjoying the film.

Lost
Carol lost her dog. She put up signs all over her neighborhood. Two weeks went b6 and someone called her about the dog. Carol made arrangements to meet up with the caller. Carol finally was reunited with her furry friend.

Singer
The girl was nervous. She was about to go on stage. The host called her name. She went on and performed well. A producer contacted her after an soon she was professional.

Elephant Riding
Erica wanted to go elephant riding. Erica conducted research, and found a local circus that offers rides. After finding out the schedule, Erica made her way to the circus. After purchasing a ticket, Erica got her chance to ride the elephant. Erica was elated that she got the opportunity to ride a elephant.

Taking a test.
Fred had to take his SAT test. He arrived at the testing room. Then, he chose a desk. The teacher gave him the test and a pencil. It took him two hours to finish.

Apples
Jenna loved fresh fruit. She decided to go apple picking. It was a beautiful fall day. They picked lots of apples. She made pie with them.

A Week Off
Leslie took a week off work. She started to feel overwhelmed and stressed out. She didn't go anywhere, she just relaxed at home. The week went by fast and Leslie went back to work. She felt reenergized and ready to take on work again.

Bob's College Application
Bob really wanted to get into Harvard. Bob was scared that he wouldn't be good enough. Bob filled out his application and sent it. He received his reply in a week. Bob had been accepted to Harvard!

Fall Hike
George loved the fall weather and was anxious to get outdoors. Fortunately, George had a vacation day available and took Friday off. He planned out a hike at his favorite nearby park. The weather turned out great and he hiked about four miles. He ended his day off with a nice picnic at a nearby picnic shelter.

Museum
I wanted to go to the museum. I was so excited. I plotted out my trip. I took the bus downtown. The museum was closed and I had wasted my time.

New portraits
Julia decided she wanted a portrait. She went to get it done. When she saw the portrait after it was done, it was great. She gave copies to her friends. They loved it.

Cleaning
Our granddaughter is coming to visit next week. She is only two, and lives far away. My wife was working so I decided to clean up. I vacuumed the carpet and picked up the living room. This was hard as I am disabled, but I was glad to clean up.

Hot to Cold
Sam received the pizza from the store and went to her car. While she was trying to get home, there was heavy traffic. The road didn't clear up until a hour later. She quickly took the pizza inside her house when she got home. Unfortunately, it was extremely cold after the long wait.

No choice
I went to the deli to get something to eat. I waited in line for what seemed like forever. When it was my turn in line I didn't know what to get. I looked at the menu but it was very large. People behind me began to shout for me to decide.

A birth announcement.
Oliver had just had a baby. He wanted to put an announcement in the paper. He went to the office for the paper. Then, he paid for his spot. The next week, the birth announcement was in the paper.

Carlos Makes Dinner
Carlos has always eaten fast food for dinner after work. Since he lives alone, Carlos never put much effort into cooking. Finally his family convinces him that cooking at home is more healthy. For his first dinner, Carlos makes spaghetti and meatballs. Carlos decides to stop eating fast food and start cooking at home.

The New Couch
We forgot to take the dog last week to get his nails cut. His nails clattered across the floor as he ran. Suddenly, he climbed up on our couch when no one was looking. The dog left scratches everywhere. We had to buy a brand new couch.

The Life of a Waiter
Claire asked Jay if he wanted to take her last table at the cafe. Jay looked at the table and said he would because he needed money. Jay introduced himself to them and they spoke with an accent. Jay felt a sense of dread come over him. The table stayed for 3 hours and tipped only 8%.

Surprise rain
Jeff walked down the street on a sunny day. Suddenly rain clouds formed. Jeff tried to run for cover but it was too late. He was soaked by the rain. Jeff stopped running and just accepted it.

Scissors in Hand
Zach had a pair of scissors in his hand. It was always taught to him to not run with scissors. While walking to class he tripped on a shoe on the floor. Zach fell hard to the ground the scissors safely in his hand. Zach now knew scissors were dangerous no matter what.

Traveling
Jemma wanted to see America. She got a job to save up money to travel. After a few months, Jemma had enough saved to go on a trip. Jemma bought a bus ticket and booked a hotel. She was very excited to start seeing the country.

Brother's Brownie Baking
My brother baked a pan of brownies when our parents were gone. He baked the brownies with the oven set on "broil". The brownies burned black into the pan. I saw my brother secretly burying the burned pan. I told my mother about what had happened.

Mad boyfriend
Tom argued with Ana throughout the night since a random guy called her Tom had to drive her home however, it wasn't easy for him. Ana spoke in a loud tone and was rude. Therefore, Tom stopped the car in the middle of the road. He told Anna to get out.

Super Bowl Party
I'm not a fan of sports. Most of my friends are, though. They convinced me to throw a superbowl party. I did so and a lot of people showed up. It was a lot of fun and I'm glad they convinced me.

Too Much Soda
Owen loved to drink soda. One morning Owen discovered he had a bad toothache. He wanted to go to the dentist, but was afraid. His mother convinced him to go see the dentist. The dentist told Owen to stop drinking soda for good.

the Hurricane and the Drive
Mike drove to Miami to see a friend, but he didn't check the weather. He got there safely and enjoyed the beach for two days. As he started to return home, Hurricane Andrew came ashore. The drive home was terrifying, but he did get home safely. He never travels now without checking the weather first.

Cabinets
I wanted some cabinets to put in my bedroom. But, they were too expensive. So, I decided to make my own. I bought some supplies at the local hardware store. After two months of work I had crafted some beautiful cabinets!

Not Intended
The official made a signal to continue the game. I attempted to kick the ball. The ball didn't go into the goal and moved to the left. It landed on Sam's nose. He ended up getting a few stitches for his bruise.

sweater
Jean was going to the park. Her mom advised her to bring a sweater. It was warm out and Jean resisted. She brought a sweater to placate her mom. Later it grew cold, and Jean was glad she had brought it!

The gentle carnie
She stepped out of the Tilt-a-Whirl dizzy and nauseous. The carnie had sped up the machine to sicken her, she knew it! She wobbled over to the carnie to give him a piece of her mind. Instead of words, projectile vomit came forth. Gently, the carnie helped her to his seat and summoned the medic.

Dead Uncle
Sam went to visit his uncle. Nobody answered when he knocked. He got worried and broke in. He found his uncle on the sofa. He had passed away earlier that day.

Bar Money
Bobby was a manager at a bar. Business had started to get slow. Bobby decided to run drink specials to get more customers. He ran a different special every night. Bobby is now making a profit at the bar.

Anna's Birthday
Anna woke up excited because today is her birthday. She is wondering what gift she will get from her parents. Her parents want to surprise her so they hide the bike in the garage. Anna's mom tells Anna to go to the garage and they follow her. Anna discovers the bike in the garage and jumps for joy.

The Fake Queen Anita
Johnny was wealthy and he liked Anita. Johnny's friend met Anita and said Johnny should leave her alone. He said Anita was a fake queen. Johnny married Anita. Anita divorced him, took half his wealth, and then married a poor man.

Record breakers
Sandy and Bob set out to break a world record. They tried to break several different current records. They needed photographic evidence of the record being broken. Bob forgot to bring his camera. Sandy was mad that they did all that work for nothing.

Wedding Day
Tim was really nervous at his wedding. He loved his wife dearly and wanted everything to go right. He got dizzy while reciting his vows. The next thing Tim knew he was waking up on a chair. Tim's wife thought it was hilarious and loved him even more.

Kate
Kate went to go gambling. She found out she was really lucky she made a lot of money. This turned into an addiction. when she realized it, she quit

The Stop Sign
Mary stopped at a stop sign on her way home from work. She witnessed someone run through the stop sign and get pulled over. The cop gave the person a ticket. Mary decided to be more cautious so she wouldn't miss any stop signs. She didn't miss any on the rest of the drive home.

Break
Mable takes her afternoon break at 230pm. Her friends come visit her on the roof to smoke. Mable doesn't smoke though and wishes her friends would quit. They make fun of her when she pleads with them. Mable doesn't mention the smoking anymore.

New Hair Style
I decided to go to the barber shop. My friend noticed me immediately and decided to cut my hair. When he asked me what type of haircut I wanted, I barely said anything. He recommended a hairstyle to me. After doing his recommendation, I thanked him for his kindness.

Wedding Day
Sally woke the morning she was supposed to marry John. Sally at a balanced breakfast and showered right away. Sally them went to her stylist to get her hair and makeup done. Sally them put on her wedding dress and shoes. Sally then walked down the aisle to marry John.

The Runaway Mouse
Rusty was helping move tables for his family. He moved tables in a careless manner. He lifted one table and a mouse ran out from under the table. The mouse ran up his leg and jumped off of his head. Rusty learned not to be so careless with his work.

Vacation in Style
My family decided to take a trip across the country. Dad inspected the car and found out it wasn't safe to drive that far. He went to the rental place and came back with a giant RV. We all packed into the RV. The RV trip was the most memorable vacation we ever took.

Shopping Day
Gale and Kim were bored. They decided to go shopping at the mall. They mostly looked and bought a few items. Eventually they got tired and decided to leave. Neither regretted what they bought but neither would buy it again.

naptime
Vinny was supposed to take a nap. He was restless and asked to play the ipad. Nannie said he still needed to be quiet. He gave Nannie the cute look and she gave in to him. She turned on his favorite cartoon show and Vinny was happy.

Ashed Memories
Joan was at her husband's funeral. She wore a veil to hide her crying face. A work associate of her late husband started smoking nearby. The wind blew some ashes from his cigarette onto the coffin. Joan did not even mind, as her mind was preoccupied.

I Went to Pick Up My Laundry
Two days ago I dropped my laundry of at the laundromat to be cleaned. When I got there the person working was on break. I had to wait around for like twenty minutes. She finally showed up and unlocked the doors. I paid her and got my laundry like I wanted.

Samantha Buys a Coffee Maker
Samantha had a headache because of caffeine withdrawals. Her coffee maker had broken yesterday. Samantha decided to go to the department store. She bought a brand new espresso maker on sale for $100. She made herself a big cup of coffee when she got home.

eating disorder
Anne was anorexic. She really wanted to get well. She agreed to check into a clinic for help. It was a long road to wellness. But eventually, Anne got better.

Death on the Rail
My friend Sheila posted on facebook that her train was stopped. She was angry as she wanted to go home. She posted angry words about the service. Then she heard the delay was due to a child being run over a train. She felt sad about the accident.

Cool Night Air
It was early fall and Gina was laying bed. She couldn't sleep, and wanted to see the sky. Her room was in the basement. The window was to low to see the sky. She opened the window, and screen and crawled out to stare at the sky.

Fixing Things
Luke loved fixing things. Every time something broke he looked into it. He would take it apart and put it back together. Unfortunately it never worked. He still tries to fix things hoping to be able to one day.

Getting bored
Sam had to carry around a lot of loose papers at work. He would occasionally drop them as he went about his job. One coworker suggested that Sam use a stapler. He tried but the stack was too big to be stapled. Sam then found a clipboard and it worked great.

Timmy Learns to Breakdance
Timmy was jealous as he watched breakdancers on TV. He always wanted to move like that. So he hired a breakdance instructor to teach him. He got better every day. Now Timmy is on TV breakdancing.

Out of Service
Ethan visited the pharmacy today. He ordered a brand new set of diapers. The cashier asked him to pay the fee. However, Ethan found out that his entire wallet was empty. Although he felt embarrassed, he quickly drove back home.

Careless Step
Ana got out of the computer lab and started to walk outside. She was about to walk across a puddle but decided to go through it. She wasn't aware that the puddle is four feet deep and slipped into it. A person who was close to her helped her get up. He gave her his coat to warm herself.

The new job.
Jim had been working at a hotel for three years. He needed to move for family reasons. Luckily, the hotel offered him a job at a branch in his new city. Jim started there that week, and at first he didn't fit in very well. Luckily, within a few weeks he had integrated well into the group.

Dilemma
Chris was very sick but had an assignment due soon. He needed to take medication. The medication always made him sleep. Chris decided not to take the medication. He finished his assignment but was bedridden for a whole week.

Passing The Bar
Jim had always wanted to become a lawyer. He grew up watching crime shows. All he had left was to pass the bar exam. He was confident that all his studying would pay off. He got a great score!

Juanita's Bake Drive
Juanita needs to help her students raise money for a trip to the zoo. She decides to hold a bake drive. She and her students bake cookies, brownies, and cakes. They raise enough money for a trip to the zoo. Juanita and her students have a great day at the zoo.

House Party
Jerry decided to throw a house party. He waited until his parents were out of town. His friends destroyed his furniture and carpet. He was punished severely. It took him months to pay off the damage.

Twisted Ankle
Gregory was running outside when he stepped in a hole. He twisted his ankle. He called his friend to take him home. He had to rest with ice on his ankle for a long time. Eventually, his ankle was healed and he could run again.

Dave
Dave took a vacation. He decided to go to china. He hires a tour guide to take him. He visits the great wall and takes many photos. He has a great time

A new shelf.
Manny got a new shelf for his movies. He wanted to arrange them in a fun way. For a minute, he couldn't decide how to organize them. Then, he decided to sort them by genre. He spent the next twenty minutes arranging all of the movies.

Hot Mess
I put a bowl of sugary sweets out on my kitchen table. The weather was very hot that day. All the candy melted together and got sticky. When I tried to take one, all the candy came with it. I threw out all of the candy because it was gross.

The Line
The family waited in line to get into Disneyland. When they got inside, they went to the Matterhorn first. They got in the car and up the mountain it went. At the very end, it splashed through water getting them wet. The family ran to get in line again.

How I Became a Baseball Player
One day I decided I wanted to become a professional baseball player. I joined a local baseball team so I could learn how to play baseball. I practiced baseball every day so I would get better. I ate healthy food and slept so I would get better at baseball. After all of my hard work I became a professional baseball player!

Deadline
I woke up this morning worried about my project deadline. I thought about it all day. I was worried I would not get it done on time. I finally decided to work on the project! It was close, but I completed it on time!

Blow out
Susan was invited for lunch at a friends house. On the way to her friends house one of her tires blew out. Susan had to put on the spare tire. She arrived at her friends house 1 hour too late. Thankfully her friends saved her some food.

Caution
Amy had just gotten her hair braided. Her father decided to take her to the park. Her mother told Amy to be careful not to get sand in her hair. At the park a kid threw sand and it got in her hair. Amy's mom was so upset she made Amy sit in time out for an hour.

The Zoo
Grace was very excited to go to the zoo. She really wanted to see the lion exhibit. She noticed a sign as she got close to the lion cage. The sign said the lion had died! Grace was very sad that she would never see the lion.

Bad Accident
Sam tried to throw the football to me. It ended up hitting the neighbor's car. He noticed that it left a large dent on the passenger window. We decided to run into my house. The neighbor was knocking on our door several minutes later.

No cab for the hospital.
Melissa was in labor early one morning. She needed to get to the hospital but taxis weren't running. She hoped to hold out until they opened but things were going quickly. Finally, she gave up and went to her neighbor's house. They were able to give her a ride to the hospital.

Something Nice
Joe wanted to give his teacher something nice the last day of school. His mother said she couldn't spare any extra money for a gift. Joe took his few coins to the store to look for a present. Nothing in the store seemed nice enough for his teacher. Along the way to school, Joe picked flowers for the teacher instead.

Lost socks
Jim was getting ready to go run. He could not find any clean socks. He looked everywhere in his drawers. He knew he had just done laundry. Then he remembered they were still in the dryer.

Pick Up
Gina's books had arrived at the library near her home. She had been waiting for them to arrive for 3 days. Now that they had arrived she would be able to complete an assignment. She was very happy to finally have the books. Gina walked to the library with a smile on her face.

Love at First Sight
Whitney had been single for a year. She was about to give up on men until her best friend set her up. She agreed to the date and had a blast. Everything was perfect and she hit it off. It was love at first sight.

Decaf
Remi tried to stay up all night to finish her homework. So she decided to make coffee. But she ended up drinking much more coffee than intended. She began feeling too jittery and anxious to concentrate. Remi decided to drink decaf coffee from then on.

Halloween
Lexie was so excited for Halloween. She dressed up as a pony. She went to lots of houses to get candy. Lexi got scared by a boy in a scary mask. She never wants to participate in Halloween again.

Skateboarder
Sheila saw a television show about skateboarding. She decided that she wanted to give it a try. Later that day, Sheila and her friend bought skateboards at the store. She practiced every day after school. Today, Sheila is an impressive skater and can do many tricks.

Taking too Much
My aunt took out a large cooked lasagna and placed it on the table. My family tried to take a fair share for each person. However, Bradley sliced half of the lasagna and placed it on his plate He also finished it within a few minutes. There was not enough food for any leftovers.

Diagnosis
I got a call from the hospital. My doctor told me to stop everything I'm doing and come to her. Although I was nervous, I tried to drive calmly. The front desk worker sent me to an office. The doctor diagnosed me with leukemia.

Costume Contest
Frank was excited to enter a Halloween costume contest. He used his special effects skills to transform into an amazing alien. As Frank lined up for the contest, people raved about his look. Then, loud whistles signaled the arrival of a scantily clad female. She took top prize, leaving Frank sad and a little wiser.

water line
When we went camping, my sister would set up her rent. At this one campground she started it and saw water come up. She thought at first it was just a wet spring. She continued pounding the stake and saw more water. She had hit a water line that impacted the whole campground.

Law School
Tripp was determined to get into law school. He spent every weekend studying for the LSAT. He took the LSAT and made a great score. He submitted his application. He finally received his letter and was accepted.

Climate
My friend used to live in Alaska. He thought it was too cold. Finally he decided to move away. He decided to move to Texas. Now he thinks Texas is too warm.

Daisy's Lazy Day
Daisy had avoided doing anything for the whole day. Now, with time running out, she was deeply agitated. She only had a few hours to get all the work done. Red-faced and sweating profusely, she cleaned like a mad woman. She breathed in relief as she completed the final task.

Trip to nyc
Becky and her family were excited to go to nyc for the first time. They were going to be staying in midtown. As soon as they got there they went to see wicked on Broadway. The family also didn't forget to do some major shopping. At the end of the trip, Becky had memories to last a lifetime.

Everyone Hates that Movie
A Senator opposed a bill. Knowing it would pass in a vote, he elected to filibuster it. He began to recite the screenplay for the film Gigli. A cloture motion was rapidly introduced to end the filibuster. It passed, ninety-nine to one.

Gary drives the bus
Gary loves to drive the bus. He loves the passengers, and thinks it's fun to meet new people. But a passenger came up to him today, and was mad at him. Gary didn't understand why he was mad. Gary hates driving the bus!

Cleaning
Alex was sick in bed. His grandmother came over to take care of him. She brought Alex soup in bed and read stories. Alex loved having grandma over. Alex asked his grandma to live with him always.

Workout
Jane decided to get swimsuit ready. She bought some free weights. She began working out every day. She started to see a change in her body. She was ready to rock her new bikini.

Find yourself
Lana was married to Freddie for 2 Years. She was very unhappy. She decided to leave for awhile and find herself. She traveled to India and stayed for a month. When she returned, Freddie had moved out.

The Tag Sale
Lena had a lot of things she didn't need in her house. She wanted to get rid of all of it. Lena decided to have a tag sale. She was able to sell most of her things. Lena was happy to have some extra money and a cleaner house.

Caught in the Machine
Grace tried to put a dollar into the vending machine. She pressed several numbers to select the snack that she wants. As soon as the lever moved, the machine restarted. The lever moved back in place however, Grace didn't get her snack. She walked away.

Tuna
I decided to go fishing. I was fishing for hours with no luck. I was about to give up when suddenly something took my bait. I reeled it in. It was the biggest tuna I've ever seen!

A trip
He walked around the park, every day. Today, he felt bored by same old thing. So he decided to go somewhere else. He wondered where he could go. The thought exhausted him, so he went home.

Friendly Angel
Frank was ready to go home after a long double shift. However, when Frank got to his car, Frank saw a flat tire. Frank did not have a spare tire, so he felt stuck. At that moment, his coworker Annie, borrowed him her spare tire. Frank was so grateful for Annie, as was there in his time of need.

Obsolescence
A man found a five-and-a-quarter-inch floppy diskette. He was consumed with curiosity about its contents. He went online, and bought a drive that could read it. When the drive came, though, he found that he couldn't plug it in. His computer's motherboard didn't even have the right kind of socket.

St. Louis Arch
Elliot's class was headed into St Louis for a field trip. Elliot planned to go to the St Louis Arch during their free time. He had always been interested in architecture. But when he arrived, he saw that it was closed for maintenance. He was heartbroken that his sight seeing would have to wait.

Dirty Levantine
Siegfried had a dog named Levantine. Levantine could catch a frisbee in mid-air. One day Siegfried threw the frisbee into a dirty pond. Levantine chased after it, covering him in mud. Levantine ran back to the car, and tracked mud everywhere.

Making the wrong trade
Kelsi thought Microsoft was going to have weak earnings. She therefore went short the company by buying put options. However to her dismay she was incorrect and Microsoft beat earnings. Her position therefore dwindled to nothing. Kelsi was defeated and upset that she lost all that money.

Cooking
Roger usually makes a meal for his kids when he gets off work. Tonight he decided to bring them home some fast food instead. His daughters were promised homemade lasagna. They were understandably upset when he arrived with burgers. Roger ate by himself as the girls ignored him for breaking his promise

Message on Bike
I like to ride my bike to work. Sometime I will try and use my phone while riding. Today I almost got hit by a car because I was trying to use my phone. It was very scary and changed how I look at riding my bike. I am leaving my phone at home to ride my bike.

Ready For School
Gina's family had been out of town for weeks. Now they were back home, and Gina wanted to go to school. She ran in the house and freshened up. She headed to the bus stop and waited with the other kids. She had been gone so kids looked at her as if they had seen a ghost.

Girl time
Tina had been spending a lot of time with her boyfriend lately. She decided she needed some girl time. She then proceeded to go and hang with her friends. Her friends were happy to spend time with her. She realized she needed it.

Loose Tooth
Anna was very hungry. She opened the refrigerator to get a snack. Reaching for an apple she realized she had a very loose tooth. She wanted the apple it was her favorite. She had a great idea she put it in the microwave and made applesauce!

The Father in Law
Jason decided he wanted to get close to his father in law. He asked his father in law if he wanted to hangout. His father in law begrudgingly agreed. They went to the park to fly his father in laws drone plane. As Jason broke the drone, and lost the chance to get close.

Leaders
Markus had been the store leader for a long time. However he knew that he was getting old. He wouldn't be able to lead as well as he used to. Someone was going to have to take over the store in his place. To this end he began training a replacement for him.

Susan Sleeps In
Susan had been stressed out from work. She wanted to take some time off. She decided to spent a day sleeping in. Susan felt a lot better the next day. She was much more productive at work.

The bad grades.
Tom wanted to go on a trip with his friends. He asked his parents but they said no. His grades were too low. That week, he worked really hard to bring his grades up. When they improved, his parents let him go on the trip.

Carpool
Brian and Tim were excited to go to the World Series game. On the way there, their car broke down. A stranger stopped to help them fix it with no luck. However he was on the way to the game too, and offered them a ride. Brian and Tim made it to the game with moment to spare.

No Room
I was planning to go to my aunt's house with my friends. However, I only picked a few people to go with since my car is small. Bradley begged to come with us. However, there wasn't enough space for him to sit. We ended up leaving without him.

Dinner
Meg was invited to a fancy dinner party. But she could not afford any fancy clothing to wear. Her mom encouraged her to go anyways. Meg decided to take her mom's advice. She attended the party and had a great time in her old dress!

Glare
Sam's television had a lot of glare. The light always hit it in the worst spots. He kept trying to move it to different areas. Nothing worked. Eventually Sam had to buy thicker curtains.

Time to Go Skiing
Tom likes to ski. He hasn't been able to go this year because there is no snow. Tom watched the weather and saw that there was going to be a storm. He woke up the next morning to a winter wonderland. Tom finally gets his chance to ski!

Slide
He put the bourbon on the shelf. The bottle was set so it slid as he put it down. The shelf was at an angle so it slid some more. The bottle came to the edge and fell off. The man dove to save his bottle.

Park Incident
Jane arrived at the park. She tried to run a few laps across the field. After 8 o'clock, she tried to open her car. She found out that her door is locked. A mechanic had to help her open the door.

Bahamas
Walter had decided to move to the Bahamas. He got on a plane and fell asleep watching a movie. When he awoke, he looked out the window in horror. Snow was all around him. Walter had flown to Bahama, Canada instead.

Sneaking to sis's room.
Rachel was lying in bed, scared of the dark. She tried to calm down and go to sleep. She was just too scared, and jumped out of bed. She decided to sneak into her sister's room. She quietly crept in and then laid on the floor and fell asleep.

Money Trouble
Chuck decided that he wanted a soda. He put his dollar in the slot on the drink machine. The dollar disappeared then came back out. He tried to take it it, but it went in and out again. This time he grabbed it quick before going back to work drinkless.

Borrowed Truck
Frank borrowed my truck and move the seat forward. So when I got in my truck to use it my legs were crunched up. I thought that discourteous and told Frank so. I'm not sure Frank even understood what I was talking about. But when he next borrowed the truck, everything was just fine.

Camping trip
Every year my family goes camping in the backwoods. It is always a total blast. This summer we decided to go in the mountains. We got a tent and stayed for about a week. We can't wait until next year.

The earache.
Sean was trying to go to sleep. His ear was aching too badly. He went to his mom's room and let her know. She had him lay on the couch and put medicine in his ear. Luckily, he felt better soon and was able to sleep.

Road Trip
The Pearson's decided to go on a road trip. It took them awhile to get ready. They had to save money and make plans. Finally they left for their trip. They had an amazing time!

haunted house
Anna was making a haunted house for Halloween. She put up scary decorations. Then she hired her friends to help. They dressed up and jumped out to scare visitors. Anna's haunted house was a big success!

Hiking
Tom loved hiking. It was just a great place to relax. He went outside one day only to see that it was raining. Thus, he had to stop his hike. This was the last time he could hike for a long time.

At the Movies
Zootopia was playing at the local theater. The two boys had been begging to go see it. Their Dad did not want to sit through another insipid kid's movie. He eventually relented and took them to a matinee. He was surprised by how much he enjoyed it.

lost
My family and I went camping in the mountains. I decided to go fishing in the lake on my own. It started raining and I ran back through the woods, but got lost. I searched and searched for hours. I found the campsite by following the voice of my brothers singing.

First Day Jitters
When Jill arrived for her first day of school she was nervous. But she sat next to Eddie- the class clown. His humor and confidence put her at ease immediately. They became close and eventually started dating. They later married and he never stopped making her feel special.

Make a Change.
Once there was a man who was very shy and withdrawn. Everyone at his job seemed to be happier and more successful than him. When all hope seemed lost, he decided to put himself out there. He also started working out and became more confident. Overall, his life changed for the better.

The Blind Woman
Helen walks with a seeing eye dog because she is blind. She decides to take a late night trip to the corner store. While inside she becomes witness to a robbery. She listens intensely. Helen tells the Police about the events that occurred.

Online Option
Doris was working three jobs. She really wanted to get a college education. She didn't have any extra time to attend classes on a campus. Doris enrolled in an online college. She worked all 3 of her jobs and managed to get her degree.

The Tip
Alice decided not to give the waiter much of a tip. He didn't refill their drinks, or even stop at the table. Alice walked out of the restaurant. She was almost at her car when the waiter ran after her. He yelled at her for not giving him his 20 percent tip.

The melted colander.
Harry was making some spaghetti. The noodles were done before everything else. To keep them warm, he put the colander of noodles into the oven. When he wasn't looking, his roommate turned the oven on to cook. A few minutes later they saw that the colander had melted.

fusion
Ana wanted to try fusion cuisine. She asked her mom to go with her. The ladies were curious about it. They went to a fusion restaurant for lunch. They both loved the fusion cuisine!

wine
Anne was invited to dinner. She was told not to bring dessert. She wanted to bring something. So she went to the store and bought a bottle of wine. Anne brought the wine with her to dinner.

Jason Hits a Homerun
Jason had never been a great baseball player. However, he wanted to improve at baseball to impress his friends. Jason practiced very hard to get better at batting. Finally, he hit a home run in a baseball game. Jason was very happy he had practiced so much.

The Gift
Kim really loved going to see movies. She didn't get to go see them a lot because they were so expensive. One day, Kim received a small package in the mail. It was a gift card to the movies from her grandparents. Kim was so excited she went straight to the theater.

Painting
I couldn't get the picture straight. For the hundredth time I backed away and glared at it. This time is was tilted to the left ever so slightly. In a fit of rage I screamed obscenities at the thing When I finally opened my eyes it had righted itself.

Dave wins a trip to Japan
Dave had entered a raffle at work this past weekend. The top prize was a week long trip to Japan. Dave had always wanted to go to Japan. The day of the drawing, Dave was very nervous. The winners were announced, and Dave had won the top prize!

The Library Book
Thomas always returned his library books on time. One day, he was going to a doctor's appointment. Thomas decided to bring a book to pass time. Thomas put the book on the roof of his car, and accidently drove away. Thomas had to pay a library fine.

Disabled
Ray was a pretty good trail runner. He used to go running every day. However, last week he sprained his ankle. Ray's been confined to a treadmill since then. He keeps asking his doctor when he can go running again.

Blade
Kevin was a great barber. He decided to get a new blade. He would shave the back of men's heads. One day his blade broke. He accidentally cut the owner of the shop and got fired!

Ronnie's nemesis
Ronnie wants to go to his friend Jake's house to play. However Ronnie is afraid of dogs and Jake's just got a new dog. Ronnie was unsure of how the dog would react to me. Ronnie decided to go see Jake anyways despite his fears. It turns out the dog is super friendly.

poker
A burglar broke into Eva's house one night. She heard him enter as she sat in the living room. She grabbed the fireplace poker. When he came in, she hit him hard with it! Then she quickly called the police for help.

Sandbox
The baby was playing with the ball. Another baby decided to take the ball from him. The baby boy didn't have the ball anymore, and threw a fit. The baby with the ball smiled and laughed. Both babies were in a sandbox.

Stair Safety
Renee worried her kids would fall down the stairs of their new home. She called a company to come over and carpet the stairs. She chose a plush carpet that would cushion any fall. The thick carpet caused the kids to lose their footing. Renee decided to install carpet at the bottom of the stairs.

George
George knew something was wrong when his dad wouldn't return his call. He went over to his parent's house and found his dad on the floor. He called for an ambulance but it was too late. George was crushed and he knew then how precious life was. George promised himself to enjoy life to its fullest.

Thinning
May needed to lose a lot  of weight. She tried dieting, but couldn't stay motivated. Then she joined a fitness group. The group gave her support and encouragement. With their help, May lost forty pounds!

Bike Caught
Jenny rode her bicycle around town. She was trying to go to her friends house. A twig ended up getting caught in her wheel. The bike stopped and Jenny flew out of it. She scratched her knee.

The lengthy hike.
I woke up one morning and was very bored. I decided to go out and take a hike. First I needed to get ready and pack bags. Once I was ready, I drove to the national park. I walked around all day and had a blast.

Ski Lodge
Every winter the Miller's visit their ski lodge. The kids learn how to ski down the slopes. Their parents take turns racing the kids down the hills. The family spends time together building snowmen. The Miller's love their vacations to the ski lodge.

Phone
Joanie decided to go for a drive one day. On her journey, she ran out of gas. An elderly couple kindly drove her to a gas station. She felt grateful. On the way back to her car, she gave them five dollars.

SATs
Emma went in to take her SATs. She had been preparing and studying for months. The actual test was fairly easy. She got her scores in the mail a week later. Emma was thrilled to see that she'd done well!

Marathon
At the age of 27 I weighed 300 pounds. I felt the need to lose weight to improve my health. I could barely walk without getting winded. Every day I could walk more and more. After a year, I lost 100 lbs and completed a marathon!

Surprise party.
Amanda and Dan loved Harry Potter books. Dan's 30th birthday was approaching. Amanda decided to throw Dan a surprise party. Amanda decorated the whole house like Hogwarts. Dan was very surprised and very happy.

Pulling weeds.
Christina's mom asked her to pull some weeds. She put on a pair of gloves. Then, she used a spade to uproot the weeds. She put them inside of a bag. After awhile, she had gotten rid of every weed.

Tardy
Gracie stayed up all night painting a picture. She didn't go to bed until 3am and overslept her alarm. Gracie raced to school as fast as she could, still wearing her pajamas Her teacher gave her detention for being late. Gracie would never forget the embarrassment of being late.

Trip To Greece
Ron decided that he needed a vacation. He booked a ticket for himself and his wife. Ron's wife was nervous to get on the plane. Ron told her that it would be a great vacation. She eventually got over her fears and went.

Text and work
Louis wasn't allowed to text at work. He had not seen his manager for a while. He decided to get on mechanical turk. Upon doing a hit, his manager caught him in the act. He got fired.

Airplane Flight
Kyle rented a plane. He took Whitney up for a tour around Nashville. He let her take the controls. It was an interesting look around the city. She would never do it again.

Wishful Thinking
Beth really enjoyed science fiction. She began to dream of meeting aliens. One day, she saw something fall from the sky. Quickly she ran to see if it was a spaceship. To her disappointment, it was just a satellite.

The Cheat
Jerry knew he wasn't going to do well. He had studied hours for his math exam and still didn't understand. In an act of desperation, he put all the answers into his calculator. He was nervous while taking the test but was very sneaky. He ended up passing the test with a perfect score.

Milkshake
Jackson was hungry for a milkshake. He decided he wanted to make a chocolate milkshake. Jackson got all of the ingredients to put into the blender. He mixed all of the ingredients and poured it into a big glass. Jackson drank the delicious chocolate milkshake.

Portia's Pomeranian
Portia loved dogs so much. Her dad always told her when she turned fifteen she could get one. Today was the day she could pick out a puppy. Her father took her to the pet store to get her birthday gift. Portia picked out a Pomeranian, finally getting her birthday wish.

Hair burn
Every year Rita would go to the salon to get a treatment. The treatment was chemical straightening. Yesterday however when she went something went wrong. The chemicals burnt some of her hair off. Rita was horrified and would never go back.

The dinner stop.
Rachel was on a road trip with her family. They needed to stop soon for dinner. She looked for a good place in a town nearby. She decided on a Mexican restaurant. They stopped and really enjoyed the food.

Lazer Tag Match
Everyone dispersed when the game began. Nancy tried to move away from her base. Drew caught her and eliminated her from the competition. I tried to sneak behind drew. Brandon appeared out of nowhere, but I ended up eliminating him.

Forex
I decided to try my hand at Forex trading. I put fifty dollars in an OTC account. I decided to leverage the fifty dollars against the Japanese Yen. Alas, I lost all of my money. I realized that Forex trading was too risky for me.

School play fun
Albert was just assigned the lead in the school play. He was excited but also very nervous at the same time. He made sure not to forget any lines. As rehearsal came, he nailed it. After the actual show he got so much applause.

The Come Up
In a small town in Indiana, Kendrick knew he would become successful. He worked every single day for him and his family. While working, he also put in hours at night for his new venture. His family was worried that he was working to much and was too tired. But after a couple years, they moved to their home country in Brazil.

Davis Takes a Hike
Davis decided that he needed to become more active. He had become increasingly fat in his old age. One day Davis decided to take a long walk in his local park. It felt good to finally live a more active lifestyle. Davis was very proud of his hike.

New Boss in the Office
Megan is the new boss at her office. She wanted to get to know her new employees. She bought everyone pizza for lunch and they bonded in the breakroom. She let everyone take a longer lunch break that day. She instantly became very well liked by the staff.

Erin goes to the park
Erin was bored on a weekend, so he called his friend. He asked his friend if he wanted to go to the park. His friend agreed and they met at the park. They both played basketball together and had fun. Erin went back to school on Monday feeling satisfied with his weekend.

Tim Leaves a Mess
Tim always leaves a mess on his bus. When he is driving, he doesn't notice that people leave trash. But the next driver that uses his bus notices. So, Tim's boss reminds him he needs to pick up after the passengers. Now there isn't a mess on his bus anymore.

Speeding
Tom was late for work one morning. He decided to drive 15 MPH faster than the speed limit. He was pulled over by an officer. The officer issued Tom a ticket. Tom was upset he would have to pay a fine.

Crazy Times
Melinda had a crazy boyfriend. She was trying to figure out how to leave him. She got the bright idea to leave while he was gone. She sent him in a grocery run, while she stayed and packed. She quickly ran out before he came back.

Bombs
Larry liked to tinker with things. He was very smart and very curious. One day he go the idea to try and make his own bomb. He figured out how and made a small bomb. The police found out about the bomb and Larry went to jail.

First yacht ride
Kevin went on his first yacht ride yesterday. His family rented a boat in France. When he got on the boat it was beautiful. He couldn't believe he was actually on a boat. He couldn't wait to go on another one.

Bad insurance.
Kenzie was trying to pick up her son's prescription. They told her that his insurance was invalid. She had to call her husband to get some information. The pharmacists went through their computer trying to figure it out. Finally, they realized that it was a computer error.

Sarah's Wedding
Sarah always wanted to get married. She dreamt about the ceremony since childhood. In her thirties she met the love of her life. Her partner did not want to get married. Sadly, Sarah decided not to have a wedding.

Cyber Friend
Lucille spoke to a friend online for months. After work one day, she asked her friend to visit her in person. The friend agreed. Two weeks later, Lucille rode down to the bus station. Lucille finally met her friend in person for the first time.

Wrestling Dream
Growing up, Jason has always loved to watch wrestling. On the weekends he would wrestle with his friends and put on a show. When he and his friends were old enough, they went to shows near them. After a while they all decided to join and make a career out of it. Currently, Jason and two of his friends are pro wrestlers.

Mary's Dirty House
Mary was unhappy with her messy home. It was unfortunate that work had kept her so busy though. Mary decided to take a day off from work. She spent the day spring cleaning her house, scrubbing everything. Now that it's clean, Mary is much more comfortable.

The Unexpected Lottery Ticket
A homeless man walked through Elm Street one busy morning. The man would ask for food or money to anyone that walked past him. A person he asked chose to give him a scratch and win lottery ticket. The homeless man took it and reluctantly scratched it. His face smiled as the ticket revealed a prize of one million.

A New Do
Julia never did her hair. She kept her long locks up in a bun every day. She finally decided to get it cut to something easier to manage. Her stylist gave her a pixie cut. Julia was both in shock and happy with her new style.

Cold
It was cold outside. And the heater in the house was not working. So tom tried to think of a way to get warm. He didn't have a fireplace and no blankets. He went over to his neighbor's house for the rest of the week!

Tennis lessons
Kylie decided to take tennis lessons. She wanted to be good at it like her dad. Yesterday was her first lesson. It actually ended up going well. To her delight she couldn't wait to go back next week.

Geoff's books
Geoff loved to read and owned many books. Geoff planned to move soon. He decided to get rid of most his books. Geoff was excited as he had a lot of free space. After his move Geoff bought a lot of new books.

Late driver
Kelly was done with her dinner and needed to go home. She called her driver Wayne to get her. Unfortunately Wayne was late. He never showed up. Kelly then had to take a cab.

Rainy Gift
Sid wanted to give his teacher a special Christmas gift. He made an elaborate igloo out of sugar cubes. As Sid carried the unwrapped gift to school, the sky darkened. A few flurries turned into large raindrops. When Sid got to school, the sugar cubes had dissolved into a puddle.

Spirit
Barry was constantly bullied. He would run away, though it wasn't really his nature. He longed to stand and fight. He took a martial arts course and built his self-confidence. The bullies stopped messing with Barry after that.

going to jail
Me and my best friend fixed my car. We decided to go out riding around. We got stopped for a headlight out. Turns out my friend had a warrant on him for stealing his own stuff. He went to jail peacefully without incident

Curious Puppy
Tiny is a curious puppy. She gets into trouble because of how much she explores. She decided to explore outside today. She found a hole in the fence, and wants to see behind it. But when she tries to squeeze through the hole, she gets stuck!

Ding Dong Ditch.
Trevor went ding dong ditching with his friends. They would knock on neighbors doors and run away. It pissed off everyone in the neighborhood. One house Trevor just threw a newspaper instead of knocking. It went right through the window, Trevor is doing yard work to fix it.

Ski Trip
I went on a ski trip this weekend. Before I even got to ski, I tripped on the stairs. I couldn't walk on my foot. I went for an X-Ray. They told me it was broken and gave me a cast.

Returning a  Book
Eva got a notice from the library that her book was overdue. She tried to return the book the next day at the library. She had brought the wrong library book and didn't realize it. A day later she got another call about the overdue book. Eva was very confused and wouldn't believe the librarian.

Bored Mike
Mike was bored one summer. He had little choice but to stay inside. Mike stepped outside one day. But he realized it was too hot. Mike stayed inside all summer.

Birthday to Remember
Diana celebrated her birthday in a large hall. Her friends and family organized the place for her. Around midnight, a shootout occurred. A lot of people, including myself, suffered from injuries. We were rushed to the hospital.

steal
Brian went to a supermarket. He needed some fruits. He took some apples and put it into his pocket. Somebody saw him. He was forced to pay for it.

Pat's dog
Pat's little dog was prone to having seizures regularly. So Pat gave the dog medicine two times a day. One day she could not get the dog to eat anything including medicine. She tried everything and began to worry. She did not have to worry when the dog ate medicine with cheese.

Bike Ride
Paige went on a bike ride at the park. She rode her bike for a few miles. All of a sudden her tire hit a rock. She flew off her bike onto the pavement. She only suffered minor scrapes and was able to drive home safely.

Pickle Jars
Marla spent a weekend canning pickles from her garden. She lined up the jars on a shelf and admired her work. Marla called her mom to come by and get a jar. As she went to the shelf, the mom spotted a worm in one of the jars. Seeing her daughter so proud, she grabbed that jar and thanked Marla.

Hog Wild
Dad and I loved to see nature up close. We went out one morning and set up pig traps. We baited it up with lots of tasty, yellow corn. The next day we went back out to our trap. We had caught three big wild pigs in our trap, in just one night!

Lazy
Jill was exercising at gym. But she quickly became tired. She decided to take a break but never returned to exercising. She hardly spent any time exercising. And after a month, she realized how little progress she made.

The Black Cat
Cody had a black cat, but she didn't like the cat. The cat always did bad things, like pooping on her back pack. Cody put up with the cat for a while, but she couldn't handle it. She packed up the cat and gave it away. Cody vowed to never get another cat.

Tumble
Brandon was running fast. He was trying to get away from the stranger chasing him. The stranger caught up with Brandon and made him tumble down. He attacked him with a stick. Brandon was left in an alley.

Tom's Love/Hate
Tom was dating Danielle for two Year's. Danielle was addicted to drugs and Tom was at his wit's end. He gave her an ultimatum and told her he'd leave if she didn't quit. She acted like she'd quit, but she really didn't. Tom made the difficult decision to leave her finally.

The Sacrifice
Lacey has a big speech tomorrow. She has not finished writing it. She also has her best friend's birthday dinner to go to. Lacey had to explain to her friend her speech was her entire grade. Lacey hate to make sacrifices like that.

Broken Shoes
Amanda was on her way to work one day when her heel broke. A young man say what happened and offered to carry her to a store. He dropped Amanda at the entrance of a shoe store. Amanda went inside and picked a pair of cute flats. Amanda was then able to continue her walk to work.

Seashell Treasures
Amy went to the beach with her family. It was her favorite place to be. She found a big conch shell on the shore. She was sad when her family had to leave the next day. She held the conch up to her ear and could still hear the waves!

Grandma's house
Lolita invited me to her grandma's house. I was excited to possibly get home cooked food and cookies. When we pulled up, it was decrepit looked like a haunted house. It was filthy, brown, old and filled with thick spider webs. I was so scared, I faked an emergency and left!

Toy Box
Nick children had a messy room. They left their toys all over the place. Nick bought a huge toy box to put the toys in. His kids put the toys in the toy box. Now their rooms are clean.

Sick Day
My tummy hurt when I woke up today. I was so sick I couldn't get out of bed. I felt awful. Mommy brought me some chicken soup and I slept. When I woke up I felt so much better.

Blake's Job
Blake was garbage man. He drove around every morning to collect trash. One day he came across a wonderful surprise. Someone had thrown out a bag of diamonds! Blake took the diamonds and quit his terrible job.

Fred Learns Algebra
Fred had always been interested in mathematics. He takes a summer course in algebra to get ahead. In that course he learns all about equations. He starts his next school year a step ahead other students. His interest in mathematics continues to increase.

Time To Leave
Gina was watching a show she really liked on TV at her uncle's house. That is until her mother was ready to go home. This was the first time Gina wanted to stay at her uncle's house. And now she had to leave. She was sad to leave her show, but she went with her mother.

Knock Knock
I was sitting down to eat my supper when I heard a knock at the door. I get up to go see who it is and my plate tumbles to the floor. I was so mad I start fussing really loud. When I finally open the door no one was there. I must have scared them with my yelling.

Movie Night
Tom wants to see a movie with his friends. They decided to go at 9. Tom doesn't get out of work until ten that day. His friends can't go that late. So Tom will have to miss the movie.

The Falls
One day, Billy and Susan decided to go to the falls. They packed a lunch and their swimsuits into the car. The whole way there, they got more and more excited. When they got to the park, they climbed all they way up to the falls. They had a beautiful time swimming that day.

Tail light
The tail light went out on my car. I looked at it and it was filled with water from the rainy. I watched a video on youtube to see how to go about fixing it. Afterwards I went to the car part store for supplies. Fixed it myself at home.

Referee
Sally set out to be a great soccer referee. She learned the rules and signals at length. She got certified via a local class. At her first game, the sidelines and players behaved horribly. Sally was discouraged from ever refereeing again.

Dirty Mess
My mom came into my sister's bathroom. He noticed toilet paper on the ground and shirts on the ground. She started to yell and move things around. As soon as I heard her, I walked out of the house. Once her voice was turned down, I came back inside.

Glasses
Susan has never worn glasses before. She noticed that her vision was getting worse. So she decided to get her eyes check. Sure enough, the doctor prescribed her a pair of glasses. Now she can finally see better.

Go to church
I used to go to church all the time. My life was good. Then, I started not going to church. I started doing bad things. Now, my life is terrible.

finding a special one
After Jimmy's dog passed away he was very sad and quiet. He did not want to play with the other dogs his family owned. So his mom checked the paper and decided to go see some puppies. She went and picked out a cute black and brown puppy. When she returned home she gave Jimmy his new dog.

waiting for the cable guy
Amy needed service on her cable box. She had an appointment with the cable company. She called off work and stayed home to wait for them. But she waited all day and they never showed up! Amy was angry that she'd wasted her day for nothing.

Colorado Trip
The group of young adults arrived in Colorado from their flight. The first thing they did was go skiing. Everyone loved skiing, although they weren't very good. After skiing, everyone went to the lodge for hot chocolate. They talked about their day, and said it was a great first day.

Gas Has The Floor
Bill stood in front of the fire department Board. He wanted to put five thousand gallons of propane on his property. He planned to lease the tank space to a local propane company. Bill made his case in front of the Board for their approval. The Board collectively shrugged and granted it.

Sledding
Tim wanted to go sledding for the first time. He wore his coat and hat. And put on his winter boots. He even put on a pair of snow leggings to protect his legs. He ran out the door but didn't actually have one thing, a sled.

The first date
Jack asked Amy to go on a date. Amy agreed to go on a date with Jack. Jack picked Amy up at her home. They enjoyed the food at an Italian restaurant. Jack was pleased the date went very well.

Backstabber
Jonathan was a goody two shoes in school song. He was warned to stay away from the trouble maker Matt. He did not know who he was dealing with. So he ended up following him. He got in trouble with the principal.

Boating Trip
Lucy and the girls were excited to go on a boating trip. The girls got on the boat and started paddling. The girls were having fun until they hit a large rock. The girls screamed, but then laughed at the incident. As a result, the girls jumped in the water and went for a swim.

Cleveland Cemetery
The bus left at nine in the morning. It took only two and a half hours to get to Cleveland. She got a local bus to the cemetery. The day was beautiful for a walk through the historic cemetery. She enjoyed the experience and took the afternoon bus home.

Rodeo Mike
Mike loved to ride horses, and was very good at it. However, Mike was short on money. Mike learned that many children in his neighborhood loved horses. Mike soon developed an idea to help kids and make money. Nowadays, Mike runs a horse riding school, and makes a lot of money.

Chicken Disaster
One day I decided to cook chicken. I chopped up the chicken and put it in the oven. The chicken began to burn after a few minutes. The burning chicken set off the fire alarm. After this, I decided to stop trying to cook chicken.

The Large Black Cat
Jose and his wife decided to go for a walk one morning. They left their home and began walking down a forested path. All of a sudden, a large black panther pounced at them. Jose pulled out his handgun and fired into the beast. The large cat dropped and Jose and his wife fled.

Trip to Six Flags
The Smith family was traveling to Six Flags for the very first time. They could not wait to try out all the fantastic rides out there. The kids waited in line for hours to ride the Superman ride. When the family got on the ride they were terrified and had fun. When the ride was over, the family had the time of their life.

Cold
Jake was outside when it started to rain. He was only wearing a t-shirt. He felt incredibly cold and looked for a place to warm up. All the doors were locked. Then his friend pulled up on the driveway in his car and Jake got in.

My New Haircut
Tyra had gone to get a haircut last week. However, she thought it looked awful. She wore a hat for at least a week afterwards. When people asked about it, she deflected the questions. She's been looking for a new barber ever since.

Car Problems
Jimmy's car broke down on the highway. He was on the way to visit his parents. He had to wait a few hours before a mechanic arrived. The mechanic was able to fix his car on the spot. Jimmy made it to his parent's house in time for dinner.

Aspiring Writer
Josh is an amateur novelist. He's been working on his books for the past five years. Now, he's trying to get them published. Just last week he met with a publisher. It seems to be going well for him, and he should get a decision soon.

Date Night
Morty needed a date for the big dance on Friday. He asked every girl he could think of but they all said no. Finally, he asked his best friend Erica to go to the dance. She was looking for a date too so she said yes! At the end, they both had a wonderful time at the dance.

test
Freddy has to take a test he didn't study for. He looks at his friends test. The teacher spots him cheating. The teacher calls him out. He is given a zero.

Pool of Dead
Dan was still in shock after watching the movie Deadpool. He couldn't believe how violent it was! Dan was so disturbed he set up an appointment with his therapist. She couldn't see him until next week. Dan curled into a ball and weep in the corner.

Ear Piercing
My daughter went to the mall. She decided to get her ears pierced at the store. She picked out new earrings. A technician held the piercing gun to her ear lobes. She pushed the trigger and pierced her ears in a few seconds.

Threatening Note
Pam walked back to her desk after lunch to get back to work. There was a note waiting for her. The note said the writer knew that Pam was stealing from the company. At first Pam felt worried but she knew she didn't do anything wrong. Pam crumpled up the note and tossed it into the trash can.

Can't taste food
It was Thanksgiving day and Kim had to get up early to begin cooking. She poured coffee from the coffee maker and drank quickly. The coffee was too hot and burned Kim's tongue. After cooking all day the family sat down to dinner. Kim's was upset she couldn't taste because of her burned tongue.

In the sky
Bob heard that the space station would pass over his house tonight. He set his alarm for 4 in the morning to see it. It woke up him up and he got out of bed. Bob walked outside and got out a chair. He fell asleep in the chair waiting for the space station to appear.

Darrell
Darrell always walked with a limp Darrel complained to his friend Frank about it. One day Darrell asked Frank if he could take him to the doctor. The doctor said Darrell needs surgery on his knee. Darryl walks without a limp now and is happy.

Grass
My dog loved to eat grass. Therefore, I could never take him outside on his own. I was getting tired of supervising him while he was outside. I decided to buy him a muzzle. Now, he could play outside without eating grass.

Date
Max had always liked his next- door neighbor Julie. Finally he asked her on a date to see a movie. But then Max's dad's car broke down and he had no way to get there! Julie saved the day by suggesting that they walk to the theater. They had a long walk there, full of fun conversation!

Play
Cad wanted to go hiking. He asked his friends, but they weren't interested. Then he had another idea. He asked his little brother James to go. James agreed, and the two had a great time!

Going to Town
I wanted to go see a show in town. I walked to the train station. But the train was late. When the train arrived it was running as an express. So I got to town in time to see the show.

Nature
John wanted to live closer to nature. He felt stressed all the time and the city was too loud. He found a place in the woods and was in heaven. Then his parents got sick and he moved back to the city. John once again longed for the country .

My Trip to Australia
I had always wanted to visit Australia. I finally saved up enough money to afford the trip. I was curious about the native wildlife. While I was there, I encountered many kangaroos and koalas. I thoroughly enjoyed my trip.

Hotel Surprise
Chad needed a hotel for a overnight stay in Atlanta. Chad decided to book a stay at his regular hotel online. Chad was surprised when he found out the hotel was booked. Chad then had to find another hotel to stay at. Chad was upset that his favorite hotel was booked.

The missing E key
Amy's laptop was on the kitchen counter after dinner. She went to bed but forgot to put her laptop away. The next morning she found her laptop on the ground. The cat had knocked it off the counter. Amy was relieved it worked, but the E key fell off.

How my tv broke
One day I was watching some tv with my little brother. My little brother was being silly as usual. He decided to be funny and throw water balloon at me. The water balloon missed me and hit the tv. The tv the fizzled and was broken.

Bacon Supreme
Ed always made a Christmas pizza for the family. He had his pepperoni and cheese. But was missing the bacon he always put on it. He didn't know what to do at first and then opened the fridge. A new package of bacon was waiting for him to use.

Millipede
I was playing catch in the park. I dropped the ball. I went to go pick it up. I picked it up. I continued playing catch with my friend.

Piano Lessons
Jorge wanted to start teaching piano lessons. He set up a website and a few advertisements. He only got two students in his first month. One of them was a wealthy child. The family hired him full-time and he gave up on his business.

Rainbow on the walk
John and his girlfriend left their house for a walk. They began to walk down the street when it began to rain lightly. After walking for a while, John's girlfriend called for his attention. John looked over and they both saw a large rainbow in the local park. After seeing the rainbow, the couple walked back home.

Russia
Ana was visiting Russia. When it was time to return home, she panicked. Her American passport was nowhere to be found! Ana went to the American embassy and explained the problem. Luckily, the embassy was able to get her a new passport.

Dentist Appointment
Tina was very afraid of the dentist. When she had to go, Tina hid and missed her appointment. One day, Tina's mom promised to get her ice cream and balloons. Ice cream was Tina's favorite treat and she loved balloons. Tina was so happy after having ice cream that she went to the dentist.

Billy the Swimmer
Billy was very afraid of being in water. One day he decided that he would overcome that fear and learn to swim. He mustered the courage to attend a morning swim class. He was happy that the instructor was so nice and supportive. Billy learned to swim that day and has enjoyed it ever since.

Microwave Mess
Sarah was hungry. She wanted to make some hot dogs. She put two hot dogs in the microwave. They exploded and turned black from being microwaved for too long. Sarah had to clean up the mess in her microwave afterwards.

The Lost Puppy
When Tanya was walking in her neighborhood, she stumbled across a dog. The dog was small and brown and looked quite lost. The dog had no collar, and Tanya decided to take it home. After much deliberation, Tanya's parents let her have the dog. Tanya squealed in delight at her new puppy.

Tired Out
Lucy had been swimming for hours. It was getting dark and time to go home. She hadn't told her grandma she was going to the pool. All Lucy wanted was to go home and sleep. But she knew she better wait till she was dry, or get in trouble.

Mike
Mike tried to not think about his old pet fish but he couldn't. The fish died 6 months ago but to mike, it happened yesterday. His mom and dad urged him to get another one but Mike wasn't sure. Finally his dad took him to the store and bought him another fish. Mike was happier once he got the fish in the tank.

Rock
My son made a paperweight for me when he was six. He used a magic marker on a rock. I thanked him and put it aside for years. I suffered a stroke in 2011 and cannot use my left hand. I use the paperweight often now to hold things down when I write.

Cookies
Alexandra was invited to a party. She decided she would make cookies to bring to the party. It took her a while, but finally the cookies were done. She packed them up and took them to the party. The cookies were well-received!

Kentucky Derby
Rachael always loved to throw parties. In the beginning of May, there are not always great opportunities. But she knew the Kentucky Derby was coming up. So she got the recipe for Mint Juleps. And invited everyone over to have a great party.

Postpartum
Jen had PPD after her baby was born. All she could do was lie in bed and cry. Her husband had to quit his job to take care of the baby. He told Jen it didn't matter, he just wanted her to get better. Secretly, he resented her for having PPD.

The annoying plastic ties.
It was Christmas morning. Gary was trying to help his kids open their toys. The doll he was trying to get was wrapped in plastic. He couldn't get the ties undone. Finally, he had to grab a knife just to free the toy.

Broken Car
Dan was driving to the pond to go fishing. All of a sudden, he felt his car slow down and then stop. He called a mechanic who came out and towed the car. When they got to the mechanic's shop, he fixed up the car. It was too late to go fishing, so Dan had to return home.

Late Riser Gets a Surprise.
Scott rubbed the sleep from his eyes. Another glorious morning could be seen through the open window. Time to get up and let the dog out. Tom's foot felt a squishy sensation when it met the floor. It was already too late to let the dog out to poop.

Marcie's Fundraising Zoo Concert
Marceline loved animals and her guitar. She knew that animals loved music as much as she did. She set up a concert fundraiser at the zoo. She played her favorite songs on a Saturday. The money from the concert helped the zoo with funds.

Vacation Days
Remy's vacation days at work were set to expire. Remy decided to plan a holiday abroad. Unfortunately, Remy's car broke down. His car's repair was very expensive. Remy had to spend his vacation at home.

History Exam
Jack wasn't very interested in his European history course. He allowed himself to get behind in the readings. He tried hard to catch-up the entire week before the final. The night before the exam, he was up almost all night preparing. When he finally sat for the exam, he could barely keep his eyes open.

The Beac
It was finally time to leave for the beach. I packed up all of my things and put my flip-flops on. It was a short walk to the beach. I took my flip-flops off and started walking on the sand. The feeling of sand between my toes was great.

Coloring at Memaw's
Easley felt happy excited to go to memaw's house. While there she colored with crayons and markers. She got in trouble for marking on the floor with the marker. Eisley was careful not to color outside of her coloring books anymore. Her memories of memaw's house are always the best!

Savings
Jerry wanted a new Lego set that he had seen at the toy store. He knew that his parents wouldn't give him the money. Jerry decided to save his chore money so that he could buy it himself. He worked and saved for several weeks until he finally had enough. That night he proudly showed his parents the new toy he had earned.

John's walk
John went for a walk to get some fresh air. He loved to walk in the woods. Today there was a bike race on his favorite trail. He didn't realize it until a biker almost hit him! John walked back home, feeling defeated.

Dinner fiasco
Karyn was excited to go to dinner at Lulu's. Lulu was having a large party for all their friends. As soon as Karyn got to lulu's she was shocked. She saw her enemy Tina. She immediately then wanted to walk out.

Andrea's Lie
Andrea pretended she was sick because she didn't want to go to school. Andrea's mom found out she wasn't really sick, and she got in trouble. The next time Andrea really was sick, her mom didn't believe her. Andrea realized that lying got her into more trouble than she thought. Andrea decided to tell the truth from then on.

Snack Cakes
Gina walked to the IGA store near her home. She wanted a treat and had a few dollars. She decided she would get something sweet. She stood in front of the snack cake display for 5 minutes. She finally decided on the fudge cookie sandwich cakes.

Worm Dig
Jimmy couldn't wait to go fishing. His dad said Jimmy needed to dig for worms before the fishing trip. Jimmy got a pail and shovel and headed to the backyard. He remembered his dad said that worms like dark, damp spots. Jimmy found all the worms he needed by digging under a rock.

Second Time
Gina looked up at the icy hill through her windshield. She began slowly accelerating trying to gain speed. At the top of the hill her car began to slow down. Before she was off the hill her tires began to spin. She was still stuck and would need to try again.

Blindfolded
Al wore a blindfold to see what it was like being blind. He bumped into his stove and stubbed his toe. Al tried to get an ice pack but he couldn't find the freezer. Al took off his blindfold and gave up the experiment. He ran to his freezer for an ice pack.

Johnson Drives to Los Angeles
Johnson has always wanted to drive from San Francisco to Los Angeles. One weekend he decides to take the long drive. He takes the long drive along the Pacific Coast Highway. Finally he has reached Los Angeles. Arriving in Los Angeles, Johnson is very happy that he took the trip.

Sad Meal
Kim was hungry after school. She decided to go to a fast food restaurant. She ordered burger and gulped it down. But she began feeling bloated and gross. Kim decided to eat healthy food from then on.

Impatient
Jill was trying to study for her algebra class. But she was very impatient. She tried to skip steps and take shortcuts. But she only became more frustrated when she got the wrong answers. Jill quickly declared she was bad at math and gave up.

Chicken Wings
Carol was very hungry and decided to go to her favorite restaurant. She ordered some chicken wings and a beer. She started to eat and noticed her chicken wings were raw. The waitress took the meal back to the kitchen. Carol was so angry she left without eating any food.

Ghosts
Jay wanted to give his kids cool Halloween costumes, but he was broke. He decided he would craft the costumes himself. He made ghost costumes out of two old sheets. They weren't much, but Jay's children loved them. Jay was so glad he'd given his kids a good Halloween!

The Company Picnic
The company Tina worked for announced a company picnic. Tina didn't really want to go because she has social anxiety. When she arrived at the picnic, there were not very many people there. Tina had a lot of fun with the small group that attended. She was happy she went after all.

Standing Up
I decided to go to the store to purchase a snack. This girl asked if I can buy something for her. However, she's a bully. In efforts to stand up to her, I bought something for myself. She got mad and walked away.

Breakfast
Julie woke up more than 20 minutes later than usual. She was afraid she may have to skip breakfast. If she didn't eat now, she would have to wait until lunch to eat. Julie decided to eat a granola bar on the way to work. Julie still didn't feel full.

Rick and the trip
Rick and his daddy were going on a trip. Daddy strapped rick into his car seat and began to drive. Rick didn't like his car seat and he tried to get free. When he was free he stood up to say hi to daddy. Daddy was not happy as he put Rick back in his car seat.

Camera
Betsy got a new camera for her birthday. She went outside to take some photos. She took a photo of the bridge and the setting sun. On the way back home, she saw the sunset and took a photo. Betsy loved her new camera!

New House
Timmy really was sad to move away from his friends. When he arrived at his new house, he immediately went to his room. The room was more than twice the size of his old bedroom. Timmy felt sad that his old cosy room was replaced with a huge room. Timmy opted to choose a smaller room in the house to call his bedroom.

Fast Food
Bill liked to go to fast food joints. He loved the dollar menu items for their variety. But his local joint stopped doing the dollar menu. He got so mad he ran into the store and showed his anger. They made him the menu items he wanted just out of fright!

Argument
Jane was waiting for July to come to the party. When July came two hours late, Jane yelled at her. She told July to leave the place. Since July organized the party, she tried to rip the curtains. The building became disorganized.

Souvenir
Beth wanted to get a gift for her uncle. She knew that her uncle was a big fan of Edgar Allan Poe. Beth went looking for some copies of Poe's poems. Beth could only find a souvenir Edgar Allan Poe bobblehead. Her uncle loved the bobblehead, and thanked her profusely.

New phone day
Today was the day the new phones were coming. I decided to run to the mall for it. I went to go get one. Finally I got my hands on one. I was happy.

Student Loans
Sam graduated college and moved back home with his parents. He wanted to take the summer off to relax from his last semester. He eventually became too lazy, never finding a job for a year. Sam's student loans kicked in and made him realize he needs work. He went out that day with a mission to get his life on track.

The Spider in the Shower
Charles decided to take a shower before bed. Upon entering, he noticed a large spider on the shower head above him. Charles screamed and started splashing water onto the spider. The spider jumped and landed on Charles's face. Charles fainted in terror while the water kept washing over his body.

Doctor Inspection
My class was sent to the office. The nurses did physical checkups on us. We had to take off our shoes and stand still. She took our vitals, weight and height. Afterwards, we returned to class.

Mike Goes to Prom
Mike was worried that he wouldn't have a date for his senior prom. He had difficulty finding a girl who didn't have a date already. Finally he asked Christina to go to prom with him. Christina agreed to go to prom with Mike. Mike was so happy that he had a date for prom.

Ballet
John was a football player. He need to improve his flexibility. So he decided to take ballet. His other teammates made fun of him. However, John became a much better football player.

The Coffee
Harold was making some coffee before work. He put in the milk and sugar. Then he took a sip. Harold was disgusted at the rancid taste. He discovered the milk had gone so bad that it was pouring out chunks.

A Crowdsource Venture
Someone once came up with a clever idea. They'd use a crowdsource platform to create many sentences. They'd collect and collect until their data set was immense. Then they would pick some busy executives as subjects. They'd send each of them fives sentences, no more, no less.

Wrong Shoes
I woke up groggily and got ready for work. I put on a red shirt with brown pants and shoes. I got to the office a little late. The office manager told me my shoes looked odd. I was wearing two different style shoes.

YeeHaw
Jake was wearing a bandana while doing yardwork. He put the bandana over his mouth to keep out the dust. He then pretended that he was a bandit in the old west. Jake rode his rake around the yard like it was a horse. He had so much fun he forgot to clean the yard after that.

The Phone
Dan was in English class texting his friend. The teacher told Dan to put the phone away, but he didn't . Finally the teacher walked over and took the phone. Dan was upset and argued with the teacher. Since Dan argued the teacher decided to tell his mom he was rude.

Dentist Anxiety
Sandy dislikes going to the dentist. Sandy hates the noises that the various machines make. Recently, Sandy had to go to the dentist for a cleaning. The dentist realized Sandy's anxiety and offered her sedation. Sandy thanked her dentist profusely for understanding her anxiety.

Going to the Beach
I wake up early today. I am excited to go to the beach. I drive for 2 hours. The drive is worth it. The water is beautiful and the sun feels nice.

The Solo
Julia is a soprano in the choir. Her voice sounds like an angel. She wanted the lead part in her school's production. She tried out and waited for the results. Julia won the solo.

Tulips
Jack wanted to surprise his girlfriend. He went to the flower shop on the corner and bought some pink tulips. He brought the tulips back to his house and put them in water. Jack then called his girlfriend and invited her to stop by. The look of shock on his girlfriend's face made Jack feel satisfied.

License
Tim wanted to drive badly. He attended a driving school. There, they taught him how to drive well. Then he went to take his road test. He passed it on the very first try!

Plastic
A blonde lady with a rat tail had a son. He wanted to be a big rap star. The mom set up an appointment with a huge r&b star. The star flaked on her and her son, and laughed at them. He quit trying to be a star and started working at McDonalds.

Driving to my parent's house
My parents invited me over for thanksgiving. I needed to drive a few hundred miles. I packed up some snacks and got up early. I drove the long trip to their house. I went inside and enjoyed a nice meal.

Lost ID
I was out if cigarettes so I needed to go buy some more. I got up to look for my ID so I could verify my age. After looking for a minute, I realized my ID was lost. I began to search my home, but I could not find it anywhere. I drove to the store and luckily, I was not carded for the cigarettes.

Hole in Pocket
Vanity was walking home from school. She was trying to look for her wallet and couldn't find it. Her pockets were the last place that got searched. There was a hole in the middle. Vanity tried to retrace her steps.

Mensa Test
Joe wanted to join Mensa so he paid $30 and went to take the test. The first question was too hard for him so he skipped it. The remaining questions were also too hard for Joe. He gave up and tried to get his money back. The Mensa representative said no and Joe felt like an idiot.

Protesters Block Rally
The presidential candidate Donald Trump came to Arizona. A lot of people were excited and planned to attend the rally. Some people, however, said there is too much violence at his rallies. The morning of his Rally three cars blocked the road to his rally. One supporter said the protesters should be arrested.

Sad Fear
Jeanne was afraid of flying. Her family tried to get her to go on trips but could not. She was left behind from many vacations and outings. She tried going on small planes but could not. Jeanne died at 62 and never flew once.

Jamaica
Bradley enjoys going on vacations. Luckily, he took off of work next week to go on one. He is taking a four day cruise. The cruise is going to make a stop in Jamaica. Bradley is very excited for this trip as it is his first cruise.

Check
Our kids went to parochial school. We had to get a bank loan to pay for tuition. Once the bank gave us a check, but my wife misplaced it. The kids tore the place apart. My wife finally found the check.

Goats Everywhere!
Peter went to visit his Uncle Jack for the first time in years. He had heard that his uncle bought a few pet goats. When he drove up into his uncle's driveway, Peter was in shock. Around 20 goats were peering at him through a fenced backyard. Peter had never seen so many goats before!

Money Factory
Roger grew up in a factory town. The factory closed when he was a teenager. Roger managed to get a scholarship to college. He still struggled to find a job with his liberal arts degree. Roger found success when his film saga of his town made him millions.

Big hands.
Jack had very large hands. He couldn't hold his game controller. It was very frustrating for him. Jack's friend, Trisha, was an electronics expert. She made a giant controller just for him.

Road Trip
Ben is taking his family on their first road trip. He decided to drive them to Yosemite. His two daughters were very excited at the start of the trip. A few hours later, the two young girls got really bored. They fell asleep for a few hours and woke up at Yosemite.

Shy Ned
Ned had always been shy. He had a longtime crush on Amy, a local cashier. He decided to fight his shyness and approach her. She immediately frowned up and ran away. Ned is now more shy than ever before.

Touchdown!
Joe was finally put on the field during a football game. He intercepted the ball from the other team! In shock, he started to just run down the field. His coach was yelling at him angrily as her got to the touchdown. He had run to the opponent's side of the field.

Scheming
Lynn and her friends needed to get out of the basement. They had been out at 3 AM and didn't want to get caught. Lynn decided to leave their jackets and shoes in the basement. She grabbed a board game off a shelf in the back. Her plan was to pretend they went down stairs for the game.

The Window
John was playing ball. He could throw it far. He could throw fast. The ball flew right through the school window. John was in big trouble.

Friendship
Em and Ed were neighbors, but they didn't get along. They had always squabble, but Ed wanted to be friends! So he sled Em over to play in his yard. She was suspicious, but she agreed to come and play. By the end of the day, the two were best of friends!

Shoelaces
Charles shoelaces were always trailing united behind him. He just could not get the trick of how to tie the bows. Mom gave up after he tripped over them into her newly baked cake. Mom and Charles took a trip to the shoe store. Charles was very happy when Mom bought him shoes with Velcro straps!

Shawn's Night
Last week Shawn was really nervous about going to class. He had to give a big presentation and he did not like giving speeches. Shawn prepared diligently for the presentation to calm his nerves. On the day of Shawn showed up to class, but forgot his notes! Then Shawn woke up and realized that it was all just a dream!

waitress
I went to the pizza place to find out the details of Theresa's death. I asked for the manager but instead a waitress came walking over to me She just started waving her finger in my face as she told me lies. I was still in shock and was about to just turn and leave. That was when something came over me and I punched her in the face.

The sign
Tim bought a stop sign at a garage sale. He put the sign in front of his house as a decoration. A man walked by and saw the sign. The man asked where he got it. Tim lied and said he stole it.

The Jug
Pat was at the finals of the World Lemonade Drinking Championships. He put his hand on the gallon jug of beverage before him. The official gave Pat the signal to drink. Pat quickly downed the entire jug in only 4 minutes. The crowd cheered for the empty jug and Pat.

Zoe Gets a Bath
Jake needed to give his dog, Zoe, a bath. He filled up the bathtub with water. Jake put Zoe in the water. Jake lathered and rinsed Zoe's fur. Once out of the tub, Zoe shook the water off of herself.

Love
Love is a misunderstanding between two fools. When you meet someone and you get that crazy love feeling, run. That crazy feeling is your common sense leaving your body. When you give up common sense you make bad decisions. Love is the reason why the divorce is rate is so high in America.

Cracked
Gina's jewelry had spilled all over the kitchen floor. She picked it all up and put it away. But one of her delicate shell earring was cracked. She realized she would need to handle it gently. Gina hoped it wouldn't break completely in two.

Boring Movie
My girlfriend made me go to the theater to watch this romance movie. During the movie I almost fell asleep it was so boring. Halfway through the movie I went to the bathroom. When I came back I told her I was sick, she believed me and we left. I felt bad for lying to her but at least I got out of the movie.

Snake
My math teacher opened the back door to dismissed us. Gen was the first one to walk towards the door. However, she immediately stopped when a garden snake appeared. I took a broom and walked ahead of her. The snake ended up running away.

Christmas Break
All the children were getting rowdy. We had to watch the polar express, but the kids couldn't get quite. Mrs Cowan passed out the cookies and hot chocolate. Mr Harwell Lined up the last of the students. Then they all walked out the door on their way to the bus.

Marathon Within Reach
The lady was inspired by a senior citizen she saw run a marathon. She decided she was going to make running one her goal. When she started running, she didn't realize how hard it would be. She trained really hard in all type of weather for many months. She felt amazing when she crossed the finish line of her first race.

Toy Boat
Today I took my toy boat out on the lake. I attached fishing line and a hood to see if I could get a fish. A fish started to bite at my line. I pulled in my boat and was surprised to see what was attached. It was the biggest fish I have ever caught.

Bird Watching
A friend and myself decided to go bird watching. I picked him up and we drove to a local park. We each had brought binoculars to watch the birds. After a few hours, we still had not seen any exciting birds. However, we both enjoyed the time we spent with each other.

Covering it up
Gary was playing outside and he ended up falling. He had a small bruise on his leg. When he got home, he tried to hide his bruise. Eventually, his mom found out. She got mad but she was more focused on cleaning the bruise.

mturk is scam
I heard about an online job. I decided to give it a shot. I worked for hours and hours. I only made 23 cents. I realized most online jobs are scams.

The Green Cucumber
I once went to the market to get some food. I shopped all around for the best food. When I went to the produce area I saw a beautiful green cucumber. It was the most beautiful cucumber I had ever seen so I bought it. It happened to also be the best tasting cucumber I have ever eaten.

Valentine's Day
Janie's fourth grade class was having a Valentine's Day party. She picked out a special card for Mikey, who she had a crush on. She gave him his card but he didn't give one to her. She was really disappointed. Later she found he had slid a card with candy into her backpack.

Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, and...
Aunt Maude put a bet on Santa Claus. Unkle Bob put one on the Easter Bunny. The tooth fairy ended up kicking both their butts. Aunt Maude and Uncle Bob weren't mad, and paid gladly. The costumed actors were earning money for a children's charity.

Too Old to Trick-Or-Treat
It was Halloween day. My friends and I were all 18. We decided to go trick-or-treating one last time. A woman said we were too old to be trick-or-treating. We sadly went home after that.

Tongue Piercing
Amy wanted her tongue pierced. She went to a piercing studio to get it done. Afterwards, her tongue swelled up horribly! Amy couldn't eat anything solid for over a week. She decided to remove the tongue piercing.

Clog the Aisles
John was walking behind a couple of slow people at the grocery store. They seemed oblivious to his presence. He tried to get around them but there was no room. He tried to make some noise so they would notice him there. He eventually pushed through between them and finally got past them.

Gym
Jude had never been to the gym. He wanted to get in better shape. He hired a trainer. He began going every day. Jude now looks like a bodybuilder.

Our new dog
Our family was anxious to get a dog. We spent a lot of time looking for the perfect pet. One day, a man called us and wanted us to adopt his dog. We visited her and got to know her. We adopted the dog and she is a wonderful part of our family.

Annual Trip
The Anderson family wanted to take a big vacation. They saved up their money all year. At the end of the year they booked a trip to Mexico. The Anderson's had so much fun while on vacation. They decided to take a family trip on an annual basis.

Dog
John was running around his neighborhood for exercise. He saw a small dog run towards him. He noticed the dog began barking and acting aggressively. John began sprinting. John outran the small dog.

Armpits
I was about to go to the beach. I decided to quickly shave my armpits before going. Alas, my electric shaver was broken. I was forced to go to the beach with my hairy armpits. A few men laughed at me and I ran home in tears.

Almost there
My family was waiting in line to go to the roller coaster. When he got in front, the ticket collector examined everyone. He said that Robert wasn't allowed on the ride because of his height. I had to take Robert to the area where we put our belongings. I sadly watched my parents going on the roller coaster.

Lacy's Paper
Lacy wanted to stay up late working on her college paper. She found herself drowsing off at the computer though. Lacy drank a little coffee, before splashing some water on her face. Lacy was able to stay up until her paper was complete. She turned it in the next morning, getting a high grade.

Jake and the Cold
Jake lived at the beach all his life. Jake landed a job which required him to move to Denver. Jake landed in cold Colorado in the middle of January. He had never felt such cold weather and seen such snow. Jake decided he loved the cold and would never go back to the coast.

Walking the block
I needed to work out a small amount. I decided to jog around the block a few times. I went outside to go jogging. I went around the block once and ran out of energy. I decided to just walk the rest of the way.

Pat Gets Back on the Horse
Pat's favorite thing to do was ride horses. One day, a temperamental horse threw her and she injured her back. She took a while to recuperate but eventually got better. Finally she was able to start riding again. She was a little nervous at first but soon regained her confidence.

mike walker
Sarah wanted to walk a mile in 15 minutes. She could only walk a mile in 25 minutes. She walked a mile every day. Each time get better. She can now walk a mile in 15 minutes.

Merry Go Round
Janie watched the merry go round as she waited her turn. She wanted to ride the pink pony and the grey bunny. So she got on the ride twice. First she rode the bunny. Then she waited in line again to ride the pony.

Speed Limit
Sara was learning how to drive with her dad. Sara was excited, yet anxious about learning to drive. Today's lesson was about Speed limits, and Sara knew she failed. Sara sped through several crosswalks, and failed to follow the signs. Before driving again, Sara's dad made her review the speeding laws.

Princess's Party
I got to work early to bake the scones and prepare the tea sandwiches. I helped my staff set the tables with our finest china tea cups. Guests arrived adorned in fancy dresses, gloves and fascinators. Stella was overwhelmed to be treated like royalty for her birthday. Work doesn't feel like work when you are doing it for someone special.

Unknown Territory
Linda and Remy were bored while camping. So they decided to explore areas they were unfamiliar with. Suddenly, saw a bear running towards them. And Linda used bear pepper spray to defend herself. Linda and Remy decided to go back to their original camp site.

The Trip That Almost Happened
Wyatt was excited to visit Grandma. He packed up all his toys and grabbed a snack for the road. Mamma was on the phone and Wyatt was getting impatient. Mamma put the phone down and knelt down to him. Wyatt found out the plans had changed and turned on the TV instead.

Money Can't Buy Happiness
Jane used to get made fun of at school for being poor. Even though the other kids had money, they weren't as happy as Jane. One day she was asked why she is always happy even without money. She said she appreciates the many little things in her life. Now she is no longer made fun of at school.

Ballerina
Liv wanted to dance ballet. She took classes, but the other dancers said she would never succeed. They said she was too curvy to get hired as a dancer. But then a talent scout asked Liv to work for his company! Liv's classmates her so jealous and shocked!

Don't Do It
I told Charlie don't to go outside. Charlie sneaked outside anyway. Some thugs beat Charlie up really bad. The thugs were never arrested. Now Charlie just sits and thinks.

Trapped affair
Don was having an affair on his wife with Laura. Little did he know, his wife had contacted Laura. They hitched a plan to get back at Don. Laura hid in a closet, and Don was on his way home from work. They confronted him as soon as he opened his closet door!

Eating after the dentist.
Georgia had just finished up at a dentist appointment. Her mom offered to take her to lunch before school. Georgia wanted to go, but she couldn't eat for thirty minutes. Instead, her mom drove them around town until enough time passed. Then, they were able to eat lunch together.

Phoenix audition
I play violin and take a lot of orchestra auditions. Two years ago I decided to take an audition for the Phoenix Symphony. I worked on the excerpts for months and practiced six hours a day. The day of the audition I played very well and won the job! I am now a member of the symphony and love my job.

Bad haircut
Julia wanted a new haircut. She hated the way her hair looked. Julia then decided to go to the salon. When she got there she had the salon work its magic. The finished product looked terrible.

wrestling
Perry used to always go out and watching the Pay Per View matches. We would meet up at a bar to watch the fights. We would try and predict who would win. But there would always be twists we couldn't expect. It was always fun and a good reason to get out of the house.

Mushrooms
Tim found mushrooms growing in his yard. He picked the mushrooms. His mother saw him and yelled at him to throw them away. Tim had picked poison mushrooms! Tim learned never to touch mysterious fungus again.

Paris
Bob wanted to go to Paris. He booked a ticket and packed his bags. The flight was delayed. Luckily, the airline offered Bob a refund. Bob accepted the refund and never went to Paris.

Canoeing in the Rocks
It's always been a yearly tradition for a group of us to go canoeing. Each year we pack our things and drive two hours to get to the river. Once we get on those canoes it's such a peaceful relaxing getaway. However, one year the water level was down so low. We ended up canoeing over rocks, and will never go back now.

Henry's Big Problem.
Henry had a habit of running in the house, which was not allowed. His mother would often catch him and he would get into trouble. One day while running Henry slipped and broke his mother's' lamp. After hours of trying to fix it he realized it was a hopeless task. Henry was in trouble, but he learned his lesson about running inside.

The stuck lid.
Tony was trying to open a pickle jar. He couldn't get the lid off. He decided to run it under warm water. Soon, he was able to get the lid off. Then, he ate some pickles.

Liv
Liv was a budding artist and she loved painting. She wanted to go to art classes, but her school didn't offer any! So Liv got together with her friends and began brainstorming. They decided to form their own art group at the high school. They made an after-school art club and named Liv president!

Typing Test
I really wanted an online transcription job. I practiced and practiced my touch typing for weeks. I finally decided to log on to take the application typing test. As I began I realized it had the same paragraphs I'd been practicing. I breezed through it easily, securing the job.

The Missing Keys
Rachel woke up late because her alarm failed to go off. She dressed quickly and grabbed her purse She reached in her purse for her house keys, but they weren't there. She looked around for almost an hour, to no avail. Finally she opened the front door and they were dangling in the lock.

Pajamas
I was late for school. I didn't have time to get ready. I decided to go in my pajamas. The principal noticed. He gave me detention for violating the dress code.

thirsty
Jada was thirsty. She opened her fridge to get a drink. Then she saw that there was nothing to drink! Jada walked to the store to buy some Kool Aid. Then she came home and had her drink.

Pet store
Lane wanted to go to the zoo for his tenth birthday. But the closest zoo was two hundred miles away! His parents said they could take a trip somewhere closer. Lane settled in for their road trip, a little disappointed. But when they finally arrived, he saw they were at the zoo after all!

Mylar Balloons
I love having heavy-duty helium balloons at parties. They look very festive. And if you get bored of them, you can inhale them for silly voices. The only problem is that they have to be kept tied down. I've lost no fewer than 10 balloons to the sky over the Year's.

Toast
He was hungry for toast. He got some bread. He put it in the toaster. It shot out of the toaster and onto the floor. He ate it anyway.

Charity
Carl wanted to give back to the community. He had time off on the weekends. He decided to volunteer at a soup kitchen. It was hard work and long hours. But afterward he felt accomplished and proud.

New Besties
The Smith children did not want the family to move to another town. They went to their new schools afraid they wouldn't make new friends. Each came home beaming about a new best friend they had made. Their mom wanted to meet the new friends. The kids and their new friends had a great time at Mom's pizza party.

Josh has a Family Party
Josh felt his family had become disconnected over time. He decided to arrange a family party to bring everyone together. Josh's family arrived and everyone began to talk to each other. The party inspired Josh's family to spend more time together. Now Josh's family has a party every month and they're much closer.

There's a Snake in My Boots!
I was about to go for a jog. I went to go put on my shoes. But, there was a snake hiding in one of the shoes! I screamed and called my husband downstairs! He grabbed a shovel and killed the snake so I could go for a jog.

Ranch
Every year we would go to this ranch for the week. We would go horseback riding. They also had a man mad lake for swimming. They then had a band and music at night. It was something we looked forward to each year.

Netherlands
Neil had just arrived in Amsterdam. He couldn't wait to see the Dutch city! He explored the tea houses and art galleries. He bought lots of souvenirs and postcards. Neil thought the Netherlands were beautiful!

Making the packs.
Meredith was at a soup kitchen. She didn't have anything to do so she offered to volunteer. They put her to work making care packages. She put toiletries and such in little bags. When she was done, everyone at the center thanked her.

Eli's moped
Eli saw the moped at a yard sale. He knew he could get it running. He offered a low price, and the people sold it to him. He bought the parts on ebay and got it running. He was so happy, he drove it around every day.

In the Dark
I woke up one morning and needed to get dressed for work. I couldn't turn on the light because it would wake up my wife. I picked clothes at random in the dark. Once I left the house I could see what I wore. I had chosen to wear a green shirt with blue pants.

Skipping School
Alan was a good student and got perfect grades. Although he got good grades, he was bullied by others. On his usual walk to school, Alan decided to go back home. His parents were still at home, and were surprised to see him. Alan explained the situation and the parents called the school.

Good gift bags
Kelly decided to give gift bags to her friends after the party. She made sure to get a bunch of great stuff. Kelly put in chocolate and other candy. When she handed them out, everyone loved them. Kelly was happy.

The Rusty Ladder
Nick was playing hide and seek with friends. When his friend began counting, Nick took off. He found a tall tower with a rusty ladder to hide on. He began to climb halfway up the rusty ladder when it snapped. Nick fell over ten feet onto his back but was okay.

Space Program
Jim wanted to be an Astronaut. He signed up for a training program at school. They let him join a space program where he would go to space. Jim took up the offer and prepared to launch into space. Jim enjoyed the experience and decided to apply for a job.

Phone Charger
I forgot my phone charger at home when I went to school. I had to walk to the store to get a new charger. It didn't cost too much, so I was pleased. I took it back to school and was able to charge my phone. Everything turned out okay.

Wedding
Rita had just been proposed to. She couldn't wait to get married! She spent months planning the party afterwards. All her guests showed up to the wedding. They told her she had planned a great party!

School Is Canceled
Bobby loved to go to school. One day school was canceled. Bobby was very sad he couldn't go to school. His parents took him to go get ice cream to cheer him up. He wasn't sad anymore after he got ice cream.

Playing Catch
Jake was playing catch with his dog. He threw the ball too far. The dog still chased after it and got lost. Jake looked everywhere for them. Eventually he found the ball but never found his dog.

A DUI
I went to a party. I was socializing and drinking. The police came to put a stop to the party. I sneaked out the back of the house to drive home. I was pulled over and spent a night in jail.

Glitter everywhere
Alice loved to do arts and crafts. She liked the glitter and put it on everything. She made a hat to wear and put glitter all over it. But she didn't use that much glue. And the glitter got everywhere in the house.

Rufus Moves to the Suburbs
Rufus no longer wants to live in a small apartment. He decides to move from his city apartment to the suburbs. Finally he finds a home he can afford to buy. Rufus moves into his new home into the suburbs. Now that he has more space, he finally feels better.

Distracted
Ivan was in his car and preparing to make a right turn. But there was a pedestrian on her cell phone. Ivan waited for her to cross the street. But she kept on talking. When Ivan decided to make his right, the woman began crossing.

In the Army
James was in the Army. One day, James received orders to go overseas. He kissed his wife and daughter goodbye. Then, he packed his bag and went to the base. James was sad to leave his family but was proud to serve his country.

Jasper Makes a Move
Jasper spends most of his income on his expensive apartment. He knows that his lifestyle is wasteful, but hasn't made a change. Finally Jasper looks for a cheaper place to live. He moves into an apartment that makes more sense for his budget. Now Jasper no longer spends most of his income on rent.

Lobster Fishing
Will rowed up close to the buoy. Jim reached out and caught the line with his hands. He pulled up the line to bring the trap into the boat. Inside were two legal sized lobsters. They both enjoyed a dinner of fresh lobster that night.

Bats
The young family brought their lawn chairs to a special place by dusk. Before them, the mouths of several caves opened wide. As the sun began to set, millions of bats emerged from the caves. The skies were darkened by their numbers. The family was amazed by the incredible sight.

Ruined Pants
Amy's ex friend spilled red paint on her white pants. Amy skipped her next class to go home to change. At home she tried to scrub the paint out. The paint was dry and was not coming out. Amy was upset, she hated to lose her new white pants.

Jealous
Ray won first place in his school's art contest. His landscape painting was hung in the art gallery. And everyone admired it. The next morning, Ray went to take his landscape painting home. But he found it on the ground and torn to pieces.

Decorating
Melissa's boss decided to throw a holiday party. The employees were asked to help prepare for the celebration. Melissa was put in charge of the Decorating Committee. Though she was nervous to be in charge, she gave it her all. She was overjoyed when she got many compliments on her decorations.

A falling Tree
Sue called the arborist to check out the trees in her yard. He confirmed her suspicion that the large tree in front was dying. When they began to remove it a large branch fell on the roof. The branch broke a section of the roof and it had to be replaced. Sue had to live in a hotel for two weeks while the roof was repaired.

Forest Preserve Camping Trip
Jenna was itching to do something fun. She had been in her cubicle all week at work. She decided to go hiking this weekend. She drove an hour to the forest preserve. She hiked and camped the entire weekend there.

Steven went to Alabama.
Steven was in love with a girl named Susanna. Susanna moved to Alabama. Steven saved up money so he could go visit her. He finally saved up enough money and went and visited her. They were very happy to see each other.

Holographic
Rodney still collected Pokemon cards. At twenty-seven he was finally about to get a Charizard card. It was going to cost him a pretty penny, but he didn't care. He quickly went and met the guy he was going to buy the card from. When he was on his way he noticed the card wasn't even holographic.

Lost and Found
Judy took her granddaughter to the zoo. They looked at the monkeys. Her granddaughter had to go to the bathroom. When she came out she couldn't find her. Judy found her back at the monkey cages.

Caring for Another
My friend had a bad day from school and couldn't stop crying. I felt bad and tried talking to her. I also took her to get some ice cream. She ended up hugging me and saying thank you. We agreed to hang out tomorrow as well.

First Sleepover
Jasmine was about to go to her first sleepover. Her friend from school invited Jasmine and a few more friends. Jasmine was hesitant at first since she would miss home. She forgot about home as soon as she arrived at the sleepover. Jasmine had a lot of fun that night and looks forward to the next one.

Sugary Shake
Emma felt stressed by her job. So she went to an ice cream shop and ordered a chocolate shake. The shake put Emma in a better mood. And she had more energy. But a few hours later, Emma was tired and angry.

Just a Quick Pinch
Aimee is a nurse. She has to give a toddler an immunization. She pricks the child quickly and delivers the shot smoothly. The toddler cries and reaches for his mother. Aimee hands the child a lollipop and his tears halt abruptly.

early riser
Anna was up late studying for a test. She set her alarm to get up early. She thought she'd cram in the morning. But Anna slept through her alarm. She had no time to study in the morning!

Making Pasta
Hannah bought some boxed pasta. She got all of the ingredients out on the counter. Then, she put a pot on the stove. She followed the instructions to cook the pasta. When she was done, she ate her pasta.

Stickball
My brother used to play stickball. He used a broomstick and a small pink ball. He would throw the ball up and hit it. He would hit it over a building on occasion. He stopped playing when he attended high school.

The Day I Almost Got a Photo of That Pesky Rat.
One day I was in the kitchen washing dishes. I looked out the window and saw a rat sitting on the wall, looking in. I ran to grab my phone to take a picture, but the battery was dead. I went back to the rat to see if it was still on the wall. As I got to the window the rat jumped down and ran off.

Tristan's Holiday Party
Tristan decided to throw a Christmas party for her family. He invited everyone on his list. Tristan asked everyone to bring a covered dish. He prepared the main course from scratch. Tristan's Christmas party was a hit.

The Dance
Tanya wanted to go to the dance with Tim He walked by his locker every day, hoping he would ask. One day, he asks her a question about class and Tanya became angry. She asked him what was taking him so long to ask her to the dance. Tim confused, told Tanya that the dance was last week.

Wedding Music
My fiance put me in charge of the music for our wedding. I shopped around for bands and found out that it's expensive. I quoted a few people and it's all over my budget. I read online that many people make their own playlist to save money. I made my own playlist on my iPod and it's a great list of songs!

Disneyland
Jessica and Robert had the day off from work. They had tickets for Disneyland and decided to go and take their son. They took their son on all the rides until they were all tired. They went on one last ride and left the park to go home. They talked about how much fun they had and then went to sleep.

Job
I didn't have references for work. The hiring manager asked for my references. I decided to give him my parent's phone numbers. The hiring manager called my parents. My parents put a good word in for me but I didn't get the job.

The first fish.
Oliver wanted to get a pet. He told his parents and they agreed to let him try a fish, first. He was really excited when his fish arrived. He decided to make a chart to remember to take care of him. He ended up doing really well and earning his parent's trust.

Cold weather
I went outside yesterday to get the paper. When I walked out the weather was freezing. My hands started feeling numb. I had to run inside to get warm. Unfortunately my hands were still numb.

Delicious
Tamara loved cake. She went to the local grocery store to get some. The store was out of cakes. Tamara bought some cake mix and batter instead. She baked a delicious cake at home.

Merry Christmas
Mark and Joan could not wait for Santa to arrive. They laid out a plate of cookies and a glass of milk. They crept up the stairs to go to bed. The next morning, they ran down the stairs. They saw all their presents from Santa underneath the tree.

Long Walk
I cannot walk far due to a stroke. One summer day I tried walking as far as I could. I walked a half a mile. I stood for a minute, then barely made it back home. The next day I was sore.

Relaxing At The Beach
Bob loved to go to the beach. He decided to spend his afternoon at the beach. He dug his toes into the sand. He also watched the ocean waves. Bob spent the entire afternoon relaxing at the beach.

Birthday Surprise
Halley knew that her parents had a big surprise in store for her. Her 21st birthday was coming up and she couldn't wait to find out. On her birthday, her parents handed her a photo album as her gift. Halley was disappointed that it wasn't more. Halley opened the album to find it filled with hundred dollar bills.

Perspective
Katie dropped her tray for all to see at her first day in college. She was humiliated and couldn't take her mind off of it. The next day, the same thing happened to a football player. He raised his arms in mock celebration, with all around him laughing. Katie then saw this as a new way of seeing it, and felt less worried.

Lost Dog
Tammy lost her dog It meant the world to her She put up posters everywhere and offered a reward. Finally a kind stranger called her number and told her he found it. Unfortunately he had hit the dog with his car and killed it.

Guitar Lessons
I've always wanted to learn how to play the guitar. My dad gave me his old guitar but it just sits in my room. I asked a buddy of mine to give me private lessons. He spent all summer teaching me how to play. Now I'm just as good as he is at playing!

Learning To Be Creative
Charles learned to be creative from his grandmother. One thanksgiving, she asked him to cut up a watermelon. Charles cut up a bunch of chunks and put them in Tupperware. His grandmother told him to be more creative. Then she carved a basket out of a watermelon and put the chunks in.

Roller Skating
My girlfriend wanted to go roller skating for her birthday. I had never gone before but figured it might be fun. When we got there everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. I fell as soon as tried to get on the rink. I was never able to actually skate and had to give up eventually.

A Form of Frustration
Lane put down his pencil in frustration while filling out a form. The woman behind the counter asked if he needed help. He told her he didn't know his ethnicity so he couldn't check a box. She looked at him, shook her head, and wondered how that could be. Lane told her he was adopted and had no idea what his heritage was.

My Book
When I was little, I had a book. It was my favorite, but the pictures scared me. I asked my mom to hide the scary book. Later, I found the book in her closet. I secretly would go to the closet to read the book when she was out.

Clockwork
The two spies set their watches to the same time for the mission. At exactly 3:00 PM on spy infiltrated the embassy. The other spy hacked the computer network to shut down security. The spy on the inside stole a uniform and went to the break room. He bit into a donut and declared the mission a success.

Close Call
Jim is scheduled to leave San Francisco on Tuesday morning. But a flight opens up on Monday so he takes that one. Later that night there is a massive earthquake in San Francisco. Two hundred people die in the hotel Jim was staying at. Jim feels very lucky to be alive.

Chip
Chip really liked Jenna. He hoped she would go out with him! He worked up all his nerve. Then he asked Jenna for a date. To his relief, she said yes!

Faking Sick
Sam wanted to go to a concert on a school night. He pretended to be sick and go to bed early. When Sam went to sneak out the window he fell. His parents found him hurt in the yard. He needed a ride to the hospital after all.

Coach
Charlie was the coach of a high school football team. He became ill and had to take a couple months off. His assistant coach took over. The team was undefeated when Charlie was ready to come back. Charlie stepped aside and let his assistant coach the rest of the year

House Sale
We decided to put our house up for sale. We found another house to purchase and a buyer for our home. After the inspection the buyer backed out for no reason. It was very stressful but we decided to have an open house. We ended up selling after the open house and sold for higher price!

The Pitcher
I wanted to be a baseball pitcher for the school's team. When I tried out for the team though the coach wouldn't let me pitch. He said I didn't throw fast enough. I worked on my pitching speed for the next year. The new year I tried out again and became the pitcher.

Netflix Dinner Night
Jade's friends didn't invite her to go to the movies. She decided to stay at home. She made herself a nice dinner. She snuggled up in her bed and ate. Afterwards she watched Netflix until she fell asleep.

Ballet Lessons
Inez saw a ballet performance on television. She thought it was wonderful and graceful. She decided to take ballet lessons herself. But after a few lessons, she gave up on learning ballet. Inez found she just didn't have the necessary grace.

Making some bath soap
I wanted to make some bath soap last week. I went online to find information on how to make this soap. It didn't take long before I had a full recipe! After gathering all of the ingredients I went to cook the soap. The next day, we were enjoying homemade soap!

Broken Soda Machine
I was thirsty, so I walked up to a soda machine. I put the quarters into the machine and selected my drink. When I pressed the select button, the machine froze up and broke. I shook the machine and heard a loud clunk at the base. I looked down and two sodas were in the machine's hole.

Cutting a Christmas Tree
Mark decided he didn't want to just buy his kids a tree off of a lot. He wanted to go to a Christmas tree farm this year. He wanted to cut down the tree himself! But instead of appearing manly, he had trouble sawing the trunk. The tree fell over on top of him as his kids laughed.

Date
Sara and Hector went on a date. Hector bought Sarah a fancy dinner. Hector wanted Sara to go home with him afterwards. Sara did not want to go home with Hector. Hector went home by himself.

Choices
My wife and I had decided to visit the Florida Keys in January. Christmas took us totally by surprise. We could give gifts or take vacation. We finally decided to give gifts. There is always next year.

Fit
Ken wanted big muscles like his friends had. He hated being so skinny and weak. Then his cousin bought him a set of weights. Ken lifted every day after school. Within just a few months, he had developed big muscles!

The board game rip.
Julia was playing a board game. She was trying to set up all of the pieces. She was holding the game, trying to put it in the right direction. Suddenly, her arm was bumped and she yanked on the game. The entire board ripped in half.

Disgusting Dog Food
Bob's dog hated eating dog food. Bob could not get the dog to eat the food. Bob decided to make a steak for his dog. The dog loved the steak. From then on, the dog only ate steaks for dinner.

Learning computer languages
Alicia decided to take an intensive computer course. She wanted to be more savvy. She learned five different languages. At the end of the course she was already making games. Alicia was proud of herself.

Seth Moves Home
Seth has lived in Portland for Years. He loves the city life but he can barely afford his rent. Finally, one month, he decides he needs to move home with his mom. Although he is embarrassed to move home, he is glad to save money. Seth hopes he can move back to Portland one day.

Birthday party
Marie had to work on her birthday. She was very upset about it. She couldn't wait to get off of work. When she got home, there was a surprise waiting for her. All of her friends had planned a surprise birthday party for her.

Blueberry Delay
Chuck was hiking the Appalachian Trail. He was in a hurry to get to the next shelter before dark. He was halfway there when he entered a field of wild blueberries. He picked and ate blueberries until well into the afternoon. Though he didn't make his goal, he was content to sleep in his tent.

Roach hate
Mindy was scared of roaches. She thought they would one day take over the world. One day she got out of bed for a glass of water. She saw a roach on the floor. Mindy nearly fainted.

Jellyfish
My son and I had gone out to walk the beach early in the morning. There wasn't anyone else on the beach as we walked along. We could see where the waves had washed jellyfish up on the shore. There were jellyfish everywhere for a long way down the beach. We made our way home without stepping on any jellyfish.

Time Goes
Shiko was a young boy. He wanted more than anything to grow up. He waited impatiently year after year to get older and older. Eventually, Shiko was on his deathbed. He realized that he wasted his time wanting to grow up.

Slow Library Day
It was a slow day at the library. A librarian tried to pass the time by reading. She started to read a page when she heard a noise. It was a person banging on the front door. The person shouted that the door was locked and he wanted to come in.

Ruined Book
Pete checked a book out from the library. He brought it home and began to read. While reading he got up to get a drink and snack. When he came back, he accidentally spilled his drink on the book. Pete ruined the book and had to pay the library for it.

Missing Friends
Gina was at her grandma's in Illinois. She wanted to go home really badly. She missed talking to her friends. She even missed going to school. Her and her friends may have fought a lot, but they were like family.

George Misses the Train
George is preparing for a big cross country train ride back home. He dreads the idea of going home to California to see his parents. Finally the big day arrives and George begins to board the train. However, he realizes he left his wallet at home. After missing the train to get his wallet, George feels quite happy.

Crying flight
Kelly was on a flight to California. She sat in coach as always. She put in her headphones to relax. Yet to her dismay, a baby started screaming. Unfortunately the baby cried the rest of the flight.

Prank Pain
I put some thumbtacks outside my buddy's door in the dorm. I knocked on the door. He swung the door open, stepping right on the thumbtacks. He screamed in pain. I realized at that point this prank was just going too far.

The Broken Bus
John hates driving. He decided to travel this summer by bus. The only available time to travel was 3am. In the middle of the trip the bus broke. He regretted not using his car to travel.

Greener Pastures
Charlie was underemployed. Charlie felt that he needed to get a new and better job. He sent many resumes to prospective employers. Charlie scheduled several interviews. Charlie was given the option of choosing a job from several offers.

Casino madness
Michael went on a trip to New York. He wanted to go to the casino there. He saw a whole bunch of lights. Michael had a blast. He ended up wasting all his money at the casino.

Rub It In
Gina's sister Kim had come to visit their grandmother. Gina and her cousin had been bored of each other for hours. The cousin and Kim were getting along great. The cousin was rubbing in the fact she and Kim were friends. Gina sat with the girls, but she felt miles away,

Rude Person
Amy was at the gym. She put her towel and water bottle on a machine and tied her shoe. When she stood a man was on her machine. Amy explained she intended to use this machine. The rude man simply ignored Amy and kept working out.

Crib
Sally was expecting her first baby, and working on the nursery. She thought the most important thing to finish was the crib. She had it put together and ready for the baby 2 months early. But when her son was born, Sally had him sleep in a bassinet instead. The crib could have waited, because she wanted him as close as possible

Decorations
Nolan spent all day decorating the Christmas tree. That night he left to go to a party. While he was gone, his dog knocked over the tree! All of the ornaments shattered. Nolan was sad and angry when he came home from the party.

Marco Sees A Zebra
Marco had always wanted to visit the zoo. Finally he went on a Saturday afternoon. Marco saw many animals, including a Zebra. It was a great day. He was happy that he visited the zoo.

Jason Goes to Spain
Jason had wanted to travel to Spain for his whole life. It would be an expensive vacation to take. Jason started saving money for his big trip to Spain. Finally he had enough to book a ticket. Jason had the vacation of his dreams in Spain.

Beth's Accident
Beth woke up late and is rushing to get to work. She runs across the street to catch her bus. Just as the bus pulls into the stop Beth's glasses fall and break. Now she's late and she needs new glasses. Beth promises herself she will never wake up late again.

Running
Tracy usually runs on the treadmill. One morning she decided to go outside for her workout. As she was running down the street, she started to fall. The road was covered in ice! Tracy decided it was best to stick to the treadmill from now on.

Bob's Writing
Bob dreamed about growing up and being a writer. Every day, he wrote short stories to practice. Deciding to take a bigger project, he started to write a novel. Finishing his novel, he submitted it to a publisher. His book was quickly published, selling millions of copies.

Ophelia Scrubs Dishes
Ophelia attends a Thanksgiving party thrown by her friends. She has been very busy with work and couldn't bring a dish with her. After the party, she notices that there are many dirty dishes. Ophelia decides to scrub the dishes herself to help the host. She feels better after helping out with the dishes.

Carlos Weeds His Garden
Carlos notices that many weeds have grown in his flower garden. He decides to spend Saturday morning weeding the garden. While weeding, Carlos notices that his jeans get a little dirty. After he is finished, he puts his jeans in the washing machine. He decides having a weeded garden is worth having to wash his jeans.

Skateboard Accident
John was skateboarding at the skatepark. He liked to go off the ramps. This time he went off the large half pipe. When he landed his skateboard cracked and he twisted his ankle. His friend was able to give him a ride to the hospital.

I went to a concert!
Recently, I decided to go see Tool in concert. After searching online for tickets, I made the purchase and plans. After buying tickets, I decided on hotel rooms in Nashville. Nashville was such a big city! After the concert was over we headed home, happy.

Emily's Car
Emily put a for sale sign on her old car. Within hours she got several phone calls about it. After a couple test drives nobody was offering her enough money. She was ready to give up when someone offered her the right amount. Now she has enough money to buy a new car.

Putting up the tre
It was near Christmas and Kelly didn't have her tree yet. Finally Kelly got her tree. She put it together. When she decorated however, she got her balance lost. She fell off the ladder.

The One That Got Away
Erika went fishing with her husband while on vacation. She threw out her line and it seemed to get caught on something. Her husband thought it was just a log and grabbed her rod. As he yanked on the line, he realized she had a monster fish. The fish snapped her line and Erika never forgave her husband.

Alfie
Alfie is my greywing parakeet. He is very dramatic and has given us a lot of scares. When we clean his cage, we remove him sometimes. After the cage is clean, we return him back but he plays dead! He lays on the bottom, opens one eye to check and pops up!

Notice Me
Peggy made a wish on a falling star. She wished that she could get a certain boy to notice her. Peggy forgot about the wish and went to school. She tripped on the step, ripped her jeans, and looked up. There was the boy she had wished about.

Decisions
Nancy was pregnant with her first baby. At her ultrasound, she learned that her baby had Down syndrome. The doctor gave her the choice to get an abortion or not. She decided to keep the baby, as it was a viable life. She never regretted her decision, and had the special baby.

Broken pencil
Kelly sat down to take her exam. During the exam however, her pencil broke. She looked for a sharpener but found none. Thankfully her teacher bought her a new one. Kelly was relieved.

Dustin
Dustin couldn't get over his firing from work. He drank a lot and became distant. Then his wife told him that he needed to get it together. He found a job again and stopped drinking. Dustin is now back on track because of his wife.

Coffee Job
John loves to drink coffee every morning. He goes to the same coffee place every single day. He thought about applying for a job there because he loved the smell. He filled out an application and was hired on the spot. He also now gets an employee discount on coffee!

If A Man Says He Will
Harry and Lisa were married. Lisa would get angry at Harry because of his false promises. Lisa decided to give Harry an ultimatum. She told him to either keep his promises or get a divorce. Harry decided to get the divorce.

The Prize
Dan was at the store with his mom and his brother. He saw a cereal that had a prize he wanted. He was happy when his mother let him get the cereal. His brother chose a different cereal. Dan was excited to get home and claim his prize.

Celebrating Too Early
Dan loves Christmas. Before Thanksgiving had passed, he put up Christmas decorations. His friends were especially irritated by the lights he put up. But he's adamant against taking anything down. Nobody can wait until Christmas finally passes because of him.

Careful Careful
Timothy worked on a demolition crew. His job was to run the crane with the large wrecking ball on it. He would swing it back and forth. Eventually there would be nothing left standing of the building. Then the clean up crew would come by and pick up the rubble.

Wrapping a gift
Yul needed to wrap a gift. He got a roll of wrapping paper out of the closet. Yul cut some paper to fit his box. He taped the paper in place. Yul then stuck a bow on top of the box.

Pup
Ana didn't like dogs and never had. Her husband wanted one, but she resisted. Then finances forced her to take a job walking dogs! To her surprise, she soon found that she enjoyed the dogs very much. She and her husband went out to buy a dog as soon as they could!

Sharing With Friends
Abe wanted Mac n' Cheese for dinner. He set the milk and cheese on the counter while waiting on the pasta. As he drained the pasta, Abe's cats knocked over the milk carton. They happily lapped the milk up off the floor. Abe enjoyed his noodles with only cheese on top of them.

Peaches
I was in Texas. My friend told me to try the peaches in Fredericksburg. I decided to follow his advice and I rode down to Fredericksburg. I went to a peach orchard and purchased a crate of peaches. They were the best peaches that I had ever eaten!

Cider
My wife bought me a cider making kit in 2009. It had a container, bottles, and a cider mix. I put the ingredients together and waited a week. The kit made seven bottles of cider. I drank three bottles and gave away the rest.

New Lovers
Two friends set each other up on blind dates. Both dates are awful. The two friends get together to talk about their failed dates. That's when they realize they should be dating each other. Their friendship blossoms into a long marriage.

Field Trip
I took my new boss on a field trip once. We went to a mass transit carhouse. After the visit we started heading back to work. But my boss said let's go home! He was the best boss I ever had.

The Shot
Scott was scared of shots. He always cried. His mom told him he had to get a flu shot. He made the appointment for after school. When he got to the doctor, he barely felt the needle.

Tired Father
A boy was playing with his toys in his room. While playing with the toys, he began to get very loud. His father opened the door and yelled at him to be quieter. The boy played quieter and more calmly. After he quieted, his father able to fall back to sleep.

Ken Goes to College
Ken decided to go to college when he was done with high school. Ken had to pick which college he wanted to go to. Ken decided he wanted his school to have a big running track. He visited several colleges to decide which one to pick. Eventually, he settled on an out of state college.

History Test
Today I had a history test. I arrived just in time. I sat down to take my test. I realized I didn't remember anything on the test. I tried my best, but I think I failed.

The Taxi Drive
Beth needed to get to her office. She waved a taxi down and told the driver where to go. The driver took her to her office. The driver told her that she didn't have to pay. She decided to pay for the next person's ride instead.

Usb Mouse
Jane used a wireless usb mouse for her laptop. One day she put the laptop in her bag and went to work. When she removed it the usb portion was broken. It snagged, and was yanked from the laptop. Jane had to purchase a new mouse later that day.

Pants
Kai's favorite pants had a rip in them. His mother wanted him to throw them out, but Kai refused. Instead, he taught himself to sew so he could fix them. Now the pants are repaired and Kai wears them often. It was worth learning a new skill for his very favorite pants.

Lifting
I've always wanted to be able to lift four hundred pounds over my head. Right now I can lift about three hundred pounds that high. I got myself a trainer and worked real head for a year. I ate right and got plenty of sleep. About a year later I became stronger and reached my goal!

Trump rally
Helen and her friends decided to go to a Trump rally. They entered the arena excited. The music was very loud and crazy. The girls couldn't believe they were there. At the end of the day they had fun.

Jerry is Generous
Jerry was feeling generous today. He saw a homeless man on the street. He stopped to give the man a $10 bill. The homeless man thanked Jerry. Jerry felt great for helping out others.

Late Night
I love to stay up late and watch late night talk shows. I think the hosts are so funny. I also love to hear what all the celebrities have to say. Lately though I've been real tired at work the next day. I've switched to recording the shows and watching them during the day.

Bad Memory
I drove for 15 minutes to get to the store. When I got there I couldn't remember what I had come for. So I drove back home. I decided to feed the dog. That's when I remembered that I went to the store to get dog food.

The Applicant
Josh really wanted to get into law school. He had applied to several law schools but was rejected from all. Then Josh learned that his admissions test scores were too low. He retook the admissions test and scored higher. Josh finally got accepted into law school the next year.

The airport security stop.
Madeline was about to catch a flight. She was going through security expecting no problems. Suddenly, an agent asked her to step aside. They had to check her bag because of a mysterious fluid. Luckily, it was just shampoo and she was able to move along.

Chicks
Ms Lee was a new teacher and wanted a way to excite her class. She decided to ask a local farmer to bring in a crate of eggs. She knew the children would love to see the chicks being born. The children learned a lot, and adored the tiny, fluffy creatures. Ms Lee was glad to see the joy the chicks brought to her class.

Tom
Tom discovered that he had skin cancer. He decided to get surgery to remove it. He was worried after the surgery that they would have to operate more. The doctor called him and said the surgery was successful. Tom was grateful for the surgeon.

Pond Frogs
Pat had taken his nephew Liam to the park for the day. Liam was given a net to catch small frogs around the pond. He ran around but had no luck, Pat decided to give him a hand. Using the net, Pat was able to corner a large frog in the water. Swooping down with the net, Pat caught the frog and handed it to Liam.

Stretching My Hips
My hips were always sore. I decided to go to a therapist to figure out why. The therapist said I needed to stretch my hips. For two months, I stretched my hips every day. Finally, the soreness in my hips went away!

Pirating
All my friends stole music and movies. I was way too afraid I'd get caught. After so many Years my friends told me to try a torrent. I torrented Toy Story 3. I woke up to an email that warned me not to steal movies anymore.

The bump on the coffee table.
Shane was at home with his baby son. His son was learning to walk and began toddling through the room. Suddenly, his son tripped. He fell and hit his head on the coffee table. Shane soothed him and he quickly recovered.

Against
The car was driving fast next to me. The man in the car kept trying to get my attention. He brushed his car against mine. I increased my speed ahead of him. He stopped trying to bother me.

Unexpected Ending
John started making a new recipe. He put together the ingredients perfectly. He cooked the ingredients perfectly. He enjoyed what he felt was a masterpiece. He left the stove top on, and burned down the kitchen.

bike ride
Gina moved to a small town. Her work was far away from her house. It took her an hour to walk to work. She bought a bike from a store. She got to work in half the time.

Missed the train
Kelly and the girls wanted to take a train to the city. The train only had a few times available. The girls raced as fast as they could to the train. Unfortunately they missed it. The girls had to wait for another one.

Winning the race
Jasmine was so close to winning. She could see the girl in front of her running out of steam. Jasmine put all of her effort into the final lap. As the finish line approached, Jasmine pulled in front of the girl. With her arms outstretched, Jasmine won the race!

Airport
I had to take a plane home for the holidays. When I got to the airport, there was a long line to check my bags. Then there was a long line to get through security. By the time I got through, I only had 10 minutes before my plane left. I had to run through the terminal to catch it.

The Flower
Jen loved to take walks in gardens and see flowers. Once she watched a butterfly on a flower for a hour. In that moment Jen wished to be a butterfly. She imagined that it would be fun to fly around all the flowers. Jen cut a few flowers and took them home with her.

Tornado
Alvin and his family lived in Oklahoma. The television said a tornado was coming. They decided to go to Grandma's house. All of the family went into the cellar at Grandma's house. The tornado hit, but they were safe because of the cellar.

Road Rage
There's a lot of road work going on here. Thus, we have to reduce our speed. One gentleman didn't get the memo. He flew by me at a dangerous pace. I hope he made it home safe.

Patrick's Folly
Patrick was wandering through the forest. He saw something slinking next to him in the shadows Patrick began to get scared of what was there. He decided to yell out and try to scare whatever it was. His best friend popped out, laughing.

Chinatown Photo
I collect old press photos of Chinatowns. Two weeks ago I found one on ebay. It was a photo of Boston's Chinatown in 1986. The photo was taken in front of a gate. I was pleased to receive this nice clear image.

Jeb misses his flight
Jeb has an important business meeting in France. The morning of his flight Jeb wakes up late. He rushes to get ready and is out the door quickly. While arriving at the airport he rushes to get in line for the flight. The only problem was Jeb forgot his ticket!

nails
Anna went to get her nails done. It was her first time. She liked how they looked, but they hurt! She found that her real nails had been filed down. That was why her nails were so sore.

Buying a record
I got my first record player in the mail, but had no records. I decided that I would go to the store and buy some vinyl. I went to the thrift store and bought several records. I went back home and set up the record player. Unfortunately, I found out then that the record player was broken.

Road Trip
My friends realized we had nothing to do after lunch on Saturday. We decided to take a road trip. Erin had never been to New York. We drove to New York. We drove back the next day so we could make it back for school.

Driving Home
The ride to my house was exhausting. My family was coming home from a vacation in another state. Overall, the ride took several days. We stopped at a few plazas to eat and use the bathroom. Eventually, we reached our house.

Dave gets mad
Dave was always the happiest person in a room. No one had ever seen Dave get mad before. Then one day his sister poured water over his head as a joke. Dave had just woken up, and for the first time ever he got angry. He screamed at his sister, and she learned not to make him mad.

A Special Easter Sunday
David's mother invited him to her house for Easter. There was one problem, she lived in Brooklyn, New York. David's mother insisted he visit her and bring his family. David and his family flew to Brooklyn to see his mother for Easter. When they arrived David's relatives were there for a family Portrait.

Times Square Visit
Aly and Kenny went to New York for vacation. Aly really wanted to go to Times Square. When Aly and Kenny arrived, it was very busy. A man bumped Kenny and spilled coffee on his new shirt. Aly and Kenny did not enjoy their visit to Times Square.

Mike Overcomes Anxiety
Mike feels anxious in social settings, especially meeting new people. He knows that his anxiety is holding him back in life. Mike decides to attend more parties to force himself to be social. Gradually Mike becomes less anxious around new people. Mike is so happy that he has overcome his social anxiety.

Apple Tree
The fruit tree made it easier on the land. Willie would always say we had a fruit tree in the yard. Willie would go through all the aspects of having to pick apples. One day an inspector came to the house. At the end, there was no apple tree and insurance went up high.

Concert
Zach went to his first concert, it was Radiohead. He met a girl named Steph there who he thought was cute. Steph asked Zach to talk a walk with him, he did. They talked all night long and fell in love. The next day he called Steph and she said she had a boyfriend.

The Biggest Tip
Ron ordered delivery pizza and was looking for his wallet to pay. The delivery guy knocked on the door but Ron couldn't find the wallet. Ron apologized and asked the pizza guy to wait a minute. The pizza guy shows him a wallet he found in the driveway. Ron thanked him for finding the wallet and gave him a huge tip.

Broken Bikes
Frankie was riding his bike home from school. He always got off of it to walk it across the street. As he was walking he saw a car coming right at him. He dropped the bike and ran, the car destroying his bike. The guy driving felt so bad, he wrote Frankie a thousand dollar check.

Crazy Cat
My mother has two beautiful white cats, Tudor and Pearl. She went to her condo in Florida and I had to take care of them. I let both of the cats out one day on my lunch break to play. Tudor ran away and I looked for him all night long. Finally I found him and he didn't get to go outside anymore.

4 minute mile
Everyone told Roger that nobody could run the mile under 4 minutes. In a track meet in 1954 he ran under a 4 minute mile. After Roger did it, people all over the world are doing it. Roger says its because its not impossible anymore. Just two years ago someone beat the 4 minute mile by 20 seconds.

The Hill
Bob walked to the top of a tall hill. He put down his skateboard and held it with his foot. Bob mounted the board and began to roll down. Bob flew down the hill at a great speed. When the hill leveled out Bob kept going for a long time.

Christmas Morning
Bonnie awoke excited! She remembered it was Christmas day. She jumped out of bed so she could go awaken her parents. They all went to the Christmas tree. Together they unwrapped their presents.

The Plant
Amy got a plant for her birthday. She didn't know much about plants. She learned how to take care of them properly. She took very good care of her plant. It grew to be beautiful and tall.

Giddy Night
Harry and a female friend started to talk often. One day Harry asked if his friend if she wanted to hang out at night. She said yes to him and Harry felt very anxious all day. He went home and prepared to sneak out with his girlfriend. After sneaking out, the two hung out and had a lot of fun.

lamaze
Anna was pregnant and feared giving birth. She started to attend lamaze classes. The classes taught her to control her mind and her breathing. They helped her feel calm and reduce her fear. Anna used lamaze to help her during childbirth.

St Paddy's Day
When I was little I would spend hours building leprechaun traps. I was sure I would catch him on St Patrick's Day. I was wrong for 11 consecutive years. Now my kids build leprechaun traps. They haven't caught him yet either.

College Degree
Eileen just graduated from high school. She is researching what degrees to go for in college. She keeps finding that an engineering degree is worth the time. Engineers make a lot of money and there are numerous jobs available. Eileen decides to get an engineering degree.

They Used To Install Bells
Henry woke up somewhere cramped and dark. He couldn't move at all, and realized he was in a coffin. He began to scream, but of course no one could hear him. They'd mistaken Henry's coma for death. After some hours, Henry suffocated, proving them right.

Creepy Basement
Lucy's grandpa was going to clean the basement. He offered Lucy $10 to help. Lucy stood at the top of the stairs and tried to hide her fear. When grandpa reached the bottom stair Lucy started down. She found the basement wasn't as scary as she originally thought.

The Barber
A barber went to a new town to set up a shop. Many people came in to get their hair cut. All the hair fell to floor and made a mess. The barber was too busy to clean it up. The barber hired one of the townspeople to sweep the hair.

Jeff chickens out
Jeff and a group of friends dared each other to kiss a random girl. They get to the shopping mall where this was going to take place All of Jeff's friends go and kiss a random girl in the mall. Jeff is now making turn he sees a girl and goes for it. At the last moment the pressure gets to Jeff and he can't do the dare.

No tree topper.
Sam and Sasha were decorating their first Christmas tree. They had put all of the lights and ornaments on it. Then they realized that they had no topper. Sasha decided to make one. She created a pretty pipe-cleaner star.

Stay Close
Gina's crush Jamie broke his leg, and was on crutches. She decided to open the doors for him, But she needed to stay close to him. But her little brother fell, and she had to help him up Jamie was so far ahead she worried she couldn't catch up with him.

perfect attendance
Ava wasn't the best student in class. She knew that she wouldn't get any awards on Class Day. But she was wrong! Her principal called her up to the stage. Then he presented her with an award for Perfect Attendance!

The Flintstones
Kim's grandma would only let her watch old cartoons. She was looking for The Jetsons when she found The Flintstones. Kim decided to give the show a chance. She laughed heartily at the cartoon. Afterward she ran around the house humming the theme song.

Slick Rick
Ricky was very thin, and he was nervous about his weight. He thought girls would never want to be with a man as thin as he. So he began to lift weights in his garage every night! Then he got a girlfriend, and she told him how she loved his thinness. Ricky retired his weight bench that very next day!

Hanging up decorations
It was the day after Thanksgiving, and I needed to hang decorations. I went to the attack and retrieved  the box of Christmas supplies. I brought them to the yard along with some tools. I began to hang the lights and decorations outside my house. After two hours of hard work, my house looked ready for Christmas.

Kate's Party
Kate was turning 16 Year's old. Her best friend decided to throw her a surprise party. She invited all of Kate's friends over. She got a lot of food and a big cake. Kate was so surprised!

Bad Joker
Dan wanted to give Mary a surprise scare. He sneaked up behind her and put his hand on her shoulder. He made his fingers imitate spider legs. Mary freaked out and smacked Dan's hand hard. Dan regretted the pain and never pranked Mary again.

Dishonest
The teacher tried to find her purse. She wouldn't let the students leave the classroom yet. She had asked if anyone seen it and nobody said they saw it. Security came in to search. They found it in a young girl

Steve's Stove
Steve cooked delicious food on his favorite stove. One day he moved out to a new apartment. Steve had to leave his stove behind. Steve started to burn all of his food. He couldn't cook without his favorite stove.

Rodeo
Whit entered his state's rodeo. He was hoping to take first place in the competition. But during the rodeo, Whit's horse spooked and threw him off. Whit fell off and hurt his arm, an injury which disqualified him. Whit was disappointed that he couldn't win the rodeo.

The dropped gloves.
Hannah was skiing. She was sitting on the ski lift. She tried to put her glove on but lost her grip. The glove fell to the ground below. Hannah had to ski down the hill to retrieve it.

The Skirt
Anna found the perfect dress for the prom. She didn't have enough money, so she put the dress on layaway. Anna's best friend came by, excited because she also found a dress. Anna's heart sank when she saw it was the same dress. She went back to the store, and took the dress off of layaway.

Scott Quits His Job
Scott has always hated working for his boss. He feels that his boss disrespects him often in the office. One day Scott can take no more. He marches into the office and announces that he is quitting. Scott is happy he doesn't have to work there anymore.

Airport
Jane had to get her brother from the airport. His flight was getting in at nine. She work up early in the morning to be on-time. She drove down to the airport. When she got there, she learned that he meant nine at night.

Night Beat
Frank started down the darkened alleyway. This was his usual path to get to the other building. He stopped suddenly when he thought he heard something. It was a cat that had jumped out of a garbage can. Frank continued on his way, patrolling the neighborhood.

Finding Sunny
Katie lost her kitten Sunny yesterday. She looked everywhere around town for it. She put fliers all around. Finally someone found it. Katie was thankful and gave them a reward.

Eric Plays Catch
Eric was playing catch with his dog. Eric threw a tennis ball. The ball went too far and landed in a pond. His dog jumped into the pond. Eric had to wait until his dog was dry before they could go home.

Spilled Milk
Amy went to the store to get groceries. She needed to find her keys in her purse. She put her bags on top of the car to look for her keys. The gallon of milk slid off the car and burst on the ground. Amy was annoyed she had to go back to buy more milk.

Horace Eats a Croissant
Horace has been working all day and he needs a break to eat. He decides to walk to a nearby shop to get some food. At the shop, Horace buys a delicious croissant. After eating the croissant, Horace feels reenergized. Now he is ready to resume working.

Blind Date
Sue's friends set her up on date. She did not want to go. She knew it would not work. She finally agreed to go. Her friends had found the perfect match for her.

Gym Rats
Rand wanted to get in shape. But he didn't have the willpower to work out alone! Then he asked his pal Jasper to join a gym with him. The two guys went every week to work out together. Soon they both had large new muscles!

Cathy skips church
Cathy had to go to church every Sunday. She did not like going there at all. One sunday Cathy decided to skip church. Instead she ran away to the lake. Cathy got yelled later that day.

money
Rob is very poor. He developed this illness that he can't pay for treatment. He decided to go to prison to get medical care. He tried to rob a bank for a dollar. He got sent to prison and got his treatment.

The Deli
Frank loves to go to this certain deli by his apartment. They make his sandwiches just the way he likes it. One day Frank was going home and noticed his deli was closed. He was told that the deli was put out of business. Now Frank has to find a new place to eat a sandwich.

Not Alone
Gina had fallen in the sand when tripped by a bully. She wanted to go to the bathroom and cry alone. She heard voices in the bathroom when she reached the door. She debated going to a different bathroom. But she knew she couldn't hold the tears back that long.

Klepto Dog
When Dan's stuff starts to go missing he suspects his new roommate. So he sets up a camera to catch him in the act. Dan is shocked to find the real culprit. His roommate's dog is taking his stuff and burying it in the back yard. When he shows the video to his roommate they both have a good laugh.

Timothy's Burden
Timothy had decided to go on a long hike in the mountains. Timothy prepared for the hike by packing many supplies into his pack. Timothy began his long hike up the mountain. The pack was so heavy that Timothy began to toss items as he hiked. By the time Timothy reached the peak, his pack was empty.

The Ferret
I became obsessed with ferrets as a child. I begged my father to get one for me. I did lots of research and showed him how serious I was. He was convinced I knew what I was doing. He finally got me 2 ferrets for my birthday.

The Room
Mike had a very messy room. However, he could not bring himself to clean it. He decided to reward himself with a beer if he cleaned his room. This made him finally want to do it. An hour later, Mike had a clean room and a beer in his hand.

Jack's Puppy
Jack was six years old. He asked his mother for a puppy. His mother said she would buy him one if he would take care of it. Jack got his new puppy. Jack was very happy.

Mountain Biking
Charles liked to go to the mountains on Sunday. He enjoyed riding his bike across the trails there. Charles didn't check the tires of his bike. His tires were going flat slowly. Charles got off his bike and had to repair his flat tires.

The Wood Table
Sandy had an old wood table she needed to sell. She put it up for sale online, and someone answered the ad. They offered a price, and Sandy accepted. The person came over, picked up the table, and paid. The person left after loading up the table on his truck.

pot of gold
Little Barry saw a rainbow one day. He was excited! He headed out over the meadow to follow it to its end. But when he got there, he was let down. There was no pot of gold anywhere!

Little hearts hurt
Doug was separating from his wife His daughter didn't understand why Doug explained to her he had to leave Doug gives her a big hug and kiss He drives away from his daughter and wife

Getting to the mall
I wanted to get to the mall without using a car. I decided to take the bus. I waited at the bus stop for the bus. The bus came and I paid the fare. After about 15 minutes on the bus I got off at the mall.

Ferrari
I had just bought a new Ferrari. I decided to take it for a drive. I wanted to test the maximum speed so I got onto the highway. I smashed my foot into the pedal and got to 200 miles per hour. Naturally, I was arrested by a police officer for reckless driving.

Maiden Voyage
My uncle took us out on his yacht this weekend. We all got to take turns steering it. I was a bit nervous when it was my turn. Within a few minutes I was really getting into it. I was able to get it up to a high speed and control it well.

Omelette
I was cooking an omelette. My mom told me to put cilantro inside it. I was skeptical. She insisted so I put cilantro in the omelette. The cilantro made the omelette taste incredible!

Baking Contest
Jack wants to enter a baking contest. But he finds out that it is only open to women. So Jack enters under his roommate's identity. He disguises himself as a woman. Jack wins first place in the contest.

Closure
Kelly wanted to know why her boyfriend Kevin dumped her. She needed that closure. She decided to drive up to his house to find out. She rang the bell. There was shock on her face when a woman answered the door.

I want One
Alex's friend Rob had 5 of the 6 toys from a cereal box. Alex decided he wanted to get them all as well. His mother bought the cereal, but only one box. The next week she bought another one. By the third week they had run out of the boxes with the toys.

Country Girl
Cindy is a country girl. She likes to run around outside barefoot. She stepped on a wasp. Her foot swelled so bad. She now wears shoes whenever she goes outside.

Saved By the Sister
I used to walk home from school with my friend's older sister. One day a boy from her class was walking with us. He wanted to impress her by being a tough guy. He tried to beat me up for the thirty-five cents in my pocket. My friend's sister defended me by beating him up.

Hustle
The casino player challenged me to a game. He quickly shuffled a ball between three cups. He told me that I will get $100 if I guess which cup had the ball. I picked one cup and I found out that no ball was in there. I picked up the other two cups and they didn't have a ball either.

blind date
Kai's friends set him up on a blind date. He was hesitant to go, but he did. When he met the girl, his eyes widened. She was beautiful and friendly! As the date progressed, Kai realized he really liked her!

Fireworks
In 1998 we set off fireworks by the pond where we live. It was July 4th. We saw a police car across the pond. It flashed its lights and started around the pond. We ran home and stayed quiet until the police left.

Timber
Today, I decided to put up a Christmas tree. I went to Walmart and picked the best one for the best price. I managed to stuff it into my car and unpack it all by myself. I put up the tree and cut the strings holding the limbs. The entire tree fell over promptly and made a huge mess and I cried.

The bad cashier
Tiffany went to the grocery. She purchased turkey lunch meat among other things. When checking out, the cashier put the meat with bleach. Tiffany was tired and only put away the cold stuff. Later on, she realized that her turkey had spoiled.

Happy Birthday
Hallie was having a birthday party at her house. She could not wait to blow out the candles on her cake. Before, the cake, Hallie played games with her family and friends. Hallie's mother brought out the cake. Hallie finally got to blow out the candles on her birthday cake.

Robert formed a band
Robert practiced for many Years on his guitar He started to get pretty good and decided to start a band He called up a few of his buddies and asked who was interested He found enough people to start a band They started practicing and playing together

Practice Work
A stone carver went to the graveyard to get some practice. He chipped away at headstones to change names. He got so good, no one could tell he altered them. The groundskeeper was very confused when he saw what happened. He hired the stone carver to change them all back.

Challenge
Marisa loved learning. She enjoyed the challenge that school provided. Marisa teachers had her take special academic test. The results of the test allowed her to skip a grade. Marisa was excited about the new academic challenge she would face.

Aurelia Plays Basketball
Aurelia wanted to get out of the house. She decided to go to the park to play a game of basketball. She met some other kids there to play with. They had a terrific day playing basketball. Aurelia was happy that she got out of the house.

Fishing
Josh liked fishing. One day he went out on the water and saw an alligator. He did not move the boat at all. He waited until the alligator swam away. He then paddled back to the shore as fast as he could.

Buying milk
I looked inside of my fridge. I realised that I was out of milk. I put my shoes on and grabbed my keys. I went to the store and bought milk. I returned home and had cereal and milk.

Gettin Pretty
Last night I spent an hour putting on makeup. I made sure my eyelashes looked perfect. I put on the right amount of mascara. Then blended everything perfectly and matched it with my clothes. Then I got stood up.

interview
Mark was up for a promotion. He had to go through 3 interviews before he was promoted. He had a perfect his way of interviewing by practicing. He had the interview and it was in front of three people. He didn't have to interview with others as they offered him the job.

On the slope
Ben rode the ski lift to the top of the mountain. He hopped off and made his way to bunny slope. Ben went down the hill as fast as he could. He lost control of himself and he crashed in the snow. Ben was so shaken up that he stopped skiing that day.

Tv with Grandpa
Lucy went to her grandparents after school. She was always bored when she was there. Her mother wouldn't let her take her tablet with. She told her grandpa she was bored. She was more bored than ever as they watched Andy Griffith together.

Pressure
Robert had a test coming up. He didn't keep up during class. Robert felt very stressed and decided to get some help. His friend suggested some breathing exercises. The exercises eased his stress but he still flunked the test.

Senior Home
Gary was growing very old. His son decided to put him in a senior home. Gary was angry that his son didn't want to take care of him at home. But, Gary learned to like the senior home. He made many friends there and lived out a good life.

Cooking
Tom wanted to impress his new girlfriend. Tom decided to take a cooking class. Tom learned how to make many delicious meals. Tom cooked for his girlfriend as a surprise one evening. His girlfriend loved the meal and was impressed.

Now He's Making A Profit
Charles was too talented to stay poor. He produced a magazine but it didn't sell online. He searched for printers to print his publication cheap. He found a new printing shop in Long Beach that was cheap. He made a deal for three dollars per magazine, now he makes profits.

Coat Pocket
Gina wanted to go to the store on her lunch break at school. But she had no money left. Her mom and dad were already gone to work. She found $3 in her mom's coat in the closet. Gina took the money, and went to school.

Baseball Cards
Eric wanted a new set of baseball cards. He saved up his allowance for 2 weeks. He rode his bike to the sports store. Eric picked out his favorite stack of cards. He was very excited to get them home!

Jim is Late
Jim was running late for class. He had missed his bus. His mom had to drive him to school. He arrived to class 20 minutes late. His teacher gave him detention.

Tom finds a cat
Tom needed to get rid of some mice. He did not want to use poison or traps. He asked his friend what he should do. His friend suggested he try adopting a cat or two. He got a cat, and his mice problem is over.

Flight Scare
Gina was on an airplane ride to Europe. She decided to take a brief nap. When a thunderstorm began, it woke her up. The driver warned everyone to stay calm. Gina became more scared after the airplane slanted.

The shortcut
Lily was scared to take a shortcut. She was late getting home so she decided to run. She ended up running through a shady neighborhood. Lily was so scared of what would happen in the alley. Before she knew it, she was already on the other side of the alley.

Family Business
Dave's parents have a restaurant. They want him to take over the family business. He did not want to. He finally told them how he felt. They decided to close the business.

Grad School
Gina had just graduated with her Bachelor's. She was ready to get her Master's. She studied for months for her GRE. She applied to many grad schools. Gina was accepted to all her top choices.

Globe Trotter
The rich man decided to go on a trip around the world. He spun a globe and stopped it with his finger. The rich man bought a plain ticket to that country. The ticket was so cheap that he bought all the tickets on that flight. He handed out tickets to all his friends so they could join him.

Lance
Lance had a farm in the North, but he was getting older. The snow bothered him and he wanted to move south. Lacking funds, he put his farm up for auction. When it sold, he used the proceeds to move to a southern farm. Lance ended up with a warm and sunny farm in Florida!

Pet Shopping
Susan and Sally went to the pet store. They were looking to get a kitten. For an hour they spent time with the various cats. Eventually, they found one that they both liked. The girls left the pet store with their new furry friend and new toys.

The Only Time I Spanked My Daughter
My child was  three years old when she started to run into the street. I would try to be very cross with her and make her sit in time out. I tried to take away privileges when she ran into the street. I figured she was going to get hit so the next time I spanked her. She  never ran out into the street without looking both ways again.

Rainy Walk
Kevin was walking to school on a rainy day. But a car sped by him and sprayed him with dirty water. Kevin decided to force himself to go to school. But he began sneezing and coughing. As Kevin approached his school, he decided to turn back.

Fence
Bill didn't like his neighbor. He went to the hardware store and bought some wood. Then he put up a fence. He could no longer see the neighbor. Bill was happy.

Ironing
Nancy put the iron on since she was planning to iron her clothes. She ran it across the front of the skirt. At one moment, she forgot to lift it after a long period of time. When she lifted the iron, her shirt was burned. She immediately threw it away.

A Trip to the Circus
Billy had received good grades on his report card. His father decided he would take him to the circus as a reward. When they got to the circus, his dad bought him cotton candy. Billy ate his cotton candy while watching the elephants. He decided as he got home that elephants were his new favorite animal.

Rotten Milk
I went to the store one day to return my rotten milk. The lady at the store  told me I could exchange it. I went to the back to try to get a new one. Unfortunately they did not have anymore. The lady at the store gave me my money back instead.

Laundry Problems
Ed carefully sorted his whites from his colors. He put the whites in, turning on the machine. When he opened it half an hour later everything was pink. He accidentally had a red shirt in with the whites. Fortunately everything else was underwear.

The party
Jack wanted to make sure the party was a huge success. He made sure there was plenty of food and drinks. He even hired a wait staff to help serve everyone. Everything was perfect until he realized no one knew about the party. He called his friends who helped get people to the party.

The Hike
Paul decided to go exploring. He called his friend Randy and they set off together. They found a creek and followed it upstream. They hiked along the creek until they reached a small spring. The boys waded in the cool, clear water.

Ally's Hardware Shopping List
Ally already needed to go to the hardware store for a faucet. When her hallway light stopped working, she added it to the list. The morning she was planning on shopping, her shower head broke. Ally went to the hardware store to pick up everything on her list. She felt satisfied knowing that she had an excuse to buy new stuff.

Bathrooms
Schmidt and Nice were planning a party. Schmidt didn't think Nick could do it. He put him in charge of bathroom rentals. He screwed up the rentals. There were not any bathrooms for guests.

Valentine's day
Fred and his girlfriend rose were happy it was Valentine's Day. They decided to have a romantic evening out at a restaurant. They went to the new place that just opened up. The food was amazing. The two then went for a walk in the park.

Being Petty
Elena was freaking out while she took her exams. She kept begging me to give her several answers. However, I didn't want to take the risk and I remained quiet. Before I left the class, she yelled at me. I tried to apologize although she ignored me for a week.

Walk in the rainy
Mike went for a walk outside. About 10 minutes later, it started to rainy. Mike ran for cover to try and stay dry. He found some shelter under a bridge in the park. Once it ended, he resumed his walk under the newly formed rainbow.

Dead Dad
My father passed away. I hadn't seen him in three years. I decided to attend the funeral. I cried because I regretted not spending time with him. I realized I should spend more time with my family.

Beautiful Cups
Paul was at a restaurant. And he thought the cups were beautiful. After he finished his drink, he asked for a box and put the cup in it. Paul badly wanted another cup and asked for another drink. But when he tried to put the second cup in the box, he was caught.

Wind
Today was the day the trash man comes. I put out my can and noticed the wind picking up. I put a large rock on top of my trashcan. The rock did not stay in place. My trash blew down the street and made a big mess.

Jill's Hard Work Pays Off
Jill's dad found her a car for cheap. It needed a new engine put in, but the car came with the new engine. Jill and her dad worked hard to put the engine in. Then they put the necessary fluids in and started the engine. Jill was happy to have helped her dad fix her own car.

Catch with the dogs
This afternoon I played catch with my dogs. We always loved going to the park to play catch. I had a nice frisbee for us to play with. At the end I gave the dogs a bone. They were good pets.

Sheets
Abbey wanted to go shopping after work. She remembered that she wanted new sheets. She went to many stores to find the right sheets. Abbey eventually settled on a new bed set with sheets. She put them on her bed and slept great.

Six pack
Jay wanted to get a six pack. He lost a lot of weight. He then did ab workouts everyday. He got signs of abs in the second week. By the second month, he had a six pack

New Leaf
Jerry was a tough kid from a tough neighborhood. He has been in and out of prison for multiple offenses. It didn't take long before he was indicted for first degree murder. He spent Years in prison for his crime but found redemption in Christ. Once he was released he became a pastor for convicts.

Martha's Credit Card
Martha was walking down the street by the curb. Martha heard the ice cream truck. She opened her purse to take out some money. Her credit card fell out of her purse and into the sewer. Martha has to get a new credit card now.

Teachers
Abby was on her youth soccer team. However, the coach never wanted to put her in the game. Abby became discouraged that she wasn't good enough to play. Her mom noticed Abby was feeling sad. She suggested that Abby pursue another activity instead.

In the Hall
Amy used to have a crush on Ray. It was clear he wasn't into her. In the hall outside class he tried to get her attention. Amy pretended not to see him and looked at her phone. Amy felt nothing as she walked past him while he stood stunned

Sailing and free
Richard went to visit his buddy bobby who lived in california. Bobby lived on the San Francisco Bay on a sailboat. Richard had never been on a sailboat before but was very excited. Richard and Bobby spend five days out on the Bay on the boat. Richard had never felt so free in his entire life.

Her Turn
Gina stood in line at her teacher desk waiting to speak to her. She hoped if she asked first she would get a new desk. She was as polite as she could be as she asked. But there weren't enough new desks for the whole class. So Gina was not able to get a new desk after all.

Trip to Disney
We all piled into the van and started the long drive to Disney World. I drove for my husband at the halfway point. I was driving along while the rest of the family slept. I heard a loud noise and realized that one of my tires blew. Thankfully, I did not panic and kept control as I drove to the curb.

No Credit
Jeff hated to pay his bills. He put them off until they were two weeks late. He was charged $50 in late fees. This was very crushing to Jeff. He didn't have the money to pay for it.

Back Home
Ted had to move back in with his parents because he ran out of money. He Had bad spending habits which drove him into debt. Moving back home was a wake up call for Ted. He made a budget for himself and got a second job. Now he is debt free and looking to move out again.

Learning to ride a bike
Fred was ready to ride a bike. He did not know how but his dad wanted to teach him. He put his helmet on and his dad took off the training wheels. Fred got on the bike and his dad guided him. He ended up riding all around the neighborhood.

Dan Runs for President
All of Dan's friends told him that he should run for President. He thought that it was a good idea. Dan filled out the paperwork, and got his name on the primary ballot. He only got forty five votes on election day. Dan will never waste his time like that again.

I went to the park.
I drove down the street to go to the park. I took our dog with us. It didn't take long to arrive. Once there, we played for a few hours. After going home we realized we had a great day!

Vacation
Robin wanted to take a vacation. Her best friend lived in Michigan. She booked a plane ticket for the following weekend. Robin told her friend she was coming and they were excited. They had a great time together.

Apple pie
Sara sniffed in the cool fall air. She lifted her basket and began to fill it with apples. Back at the house she prepare the apples and the other ingredients. She baked all afternoon. The apple pies were a big hit at the school luncheon.

Brothers
Liam's parents had just adopted a little boy. Liam was nervous about his new brother. He wondered if they would get along. Then he met the little boy, and they got along great. Liam realized he was thrilled to be a big brother, after all!

A Terrifying Story
Sia felt her heart beat faster in her chest. She began to sweat profusely. She tried to walk more slowly, despite her fear. She discarded the yellow post-it note as she passed a trash bin. It said accounting called, and they wanted to meet with her.

Trip to the Store
I decided to go to the grocery store in the new town I just moved too. I didn't know my way around very well, yet. I took a couple of wrong turns on the way to the store. It took me more than 15 minutes to get to where I was trying to go! I vowed to learn my way around the city better.

The Bike Ride
Jane wanted to get in better shape. She decided to start bicycling. On her first ride she almost fell twice. She kept going and got better. Eventually she entered a race.

Spelling Contest
Kelly had a spelling contest in school. She studied for weeks in preparation. Kelly was convinced she will get first place. She attended the contest and tried her best. Kelly ended up winning first place.

Work
I moved into a new apartment and it didn't have internet service. It was difficult not being able to get any work done. I called cable company and signed up for internet service. Two days later I was back to work. Now I'm much happier.

Time for a new job.
Dakota was fired after arriving late four days in a row. He vowed to take time management seriously. Dakota asked many friends if they knew of a job opening. A friend suggested a job where he didn't need to punch a clock. Dakota accepted the job after a good interview.

Never Seen Before
My first day of the semester was over when I walked out of class. This beautiful lady from my class greeted me. She asked for me number since she wanted to hang out. I gave it to her and we hugged afterwards. We became good friends several days later.

Austin Scores the Winning Goal
Austin was not the best player on his soccer team. His teammates often didn't take him as seriously as he wanted. In the third game of the season, the game was tied and almost over. Austin scored a skillful goal at the very last minute. The soccer team praised Austin and took him much more seriously.

Chair
Nate's school's shop class was full. He was put into a Home Ec class instead. At first he was sad, but then he found something out. The teacher would let him make a chair as his project! Tim got to make a manly item after all!

Wipes everywhere.
Candace was about to put her son to bed. She walked into his room and saw that baby wipes were everywhere Her toddler had pulled them out and scattered them. Candace scolded him and then had him help to clean them up. When they were done she put him to bed.

Jason's decision
Jason was deciding what colleges to apply to. His girlfriend Martha wanted them to go to the same college. Jason wasn't sure because Martha was a lot smarter than him. Jason decided to study hard and retake his SATs. In the end he got into the same college as Martha.

Recipe
Every year for Thanksgiving my mom makes a pie. Everyone always wants the recipe. This year my mom decided to give the recipe only to me. My mom wants me to pass it down to my daughters. I put it in a secret place to keep safe.

They're Everywhere You Look
Jame's devices are everywhere. It doesn't matter they don't actually work. The inspectors have put their stamp of approval on all of them. The people asking for their money back never get a return call. James now has more money than some small countries.

Cabin
Lila's favorite vacation spot was a cabin in the mountains. Every summer, her family would stay there to kayak and hunt. One summer, a bear broke into their cabin. It tore the house to pieces. Lila's family had to postpone the trip for a few weeks to fix it.

Woodpecker
Early in the morning Susan heard a rapid tapping on her house. Susan realized that a woodpecker was pecking on her house. Susan needed to find a way to get rid of the annoying bird. She heard woodpeckers would not peck a house if an owl lived there. Susan bought an owl statue to scare away the woodpecker.

Holly's laptop has a virus
Holly had an issue with her laptop. She let her sister use it, and she accidentally downloaded a virus. Holly ran antivirus software to see if she could remove it. The antivirus software did not fix the problem. Holly had to take her laptop to tech support to get it fixed.

Library Visit
Matt had just finished his book and needed a new one. He got into his car to drive to the library. When Matt arrived, he went straight to the science fiction section. He looked through several titles and chose a new book. Matt checked out the book and drove home.

Chicken Dinner
Joe was hungry and wanted to make dinner. He put some chicken from the fridge into the microwave. He set the microwave to his desired time. All of a sudden the microwave made a huge noise. He had left a piece of foil in the microwave!

Quinn's Thanksgiving
On Thanksgiving day, Quinn and his cousins went out to see a movie. On the way home, they ate some fast food tacos. When Quinn got home, his mother wanted to take family photos. After the photos, he helped the family cook dinner. At the end of the day, the family enjoyed their feast.

Parents Problem
One family needed to get gifts for their children. But this year they were behind in getting them. They decided to do all their shopping on Christmas Eve. They went to 17 different stores looking for all the gifts. In the end, the christmas was successful and full of gifts.

The Wet Phone
Tiffany wanted to take a bath. While in the bath she was playing games on her phone. She dropped her phone into the bathtub. Tiffany panicked and put her phone in rice. The rice dried out the phone and she was able to use it again.

Kendra
Kendra loves making silverware art. She goes to the thrift store to get some forks. Upon arrival she finds out they are all out of forks. She's very disappointed. Kendra can't make any art today.

Visiting Family
I thought it would be nice to drop in on family last weekend. I drove an hour away to where my aunt lives. When I got there nobody was home. I called to see what was going on. Apparently they had the same idea and were visiting me at home.

The Holiday
James visited his parents for the holiday. He went to return overdue library books for his mother. He noticed the librarian looked just like him. He was convinced his mother had an affair. The librarian told James that he was from England and not the states.

Mean
Lucy was lying on her bed upset with her grandma. Her grandma wouldn't give her a ride to the video store. Lucy may have been being rude, but that was no reason to be mean. Lucy realized she may still be able to go if she apologized. Lucy dried her face and went to find her grandma.

Vacation
The Smith family goes on vacation every summer. They decided to go to Florida this summer. The kids wanted to go to the beach. They spent time at the beach every day. The Smith family wants to go to Florida every summer now.

Park Cleanup
Bobby put together a park cleanup event. Volunteers assembled and picked up garbage for a few hours. Bobby deemed the event successful. Bobby decided to keep organizing similar cleanup efforts. Bobby became well-known in the community, and a non-profit hired him.

The Boss
Amy had a new boss at work. It was Christmas and she had no idea what to get the boss. Amy gave a co-worker $15 on a gift from the team. Amy rounded up money from the rest of the team to add to the gift. Amy was disappointed to see the coworker bought a gift card.

Mischievous Puppy
Julia was excited to get a puppy. Her puppy, however, ended up being a little terror. She scratched up and bit every surface she could get at. Julia was at a loss on what to do. She decided to take her puppy to obedience training.

Dissection
Trevor was not normally squeamish. He put on a brave face while looking at the dead frog. He was supposed to dissect the legs, not cutting the tendons. With the first incision, Trevor immediately passed out onto the floor. He heard his classmates laughing when he came too a few moments later.

Stairmaster
Amy decided to use the gym in her office to get in shape. Amy decided to use the stairmaster It hurt after 5 minutes but Amy pushed through. Amy ended up working out for 30 minutes on the stair master. Amy was proud of herself for sticking with it.

Boxing matches
A little boy wanted to take up boxing so bad. His dad was not willing to put him in classes. For Christmas , the little boy continued to ask for classes. His dad decided to find humor in the situation. He bought his son boxing gloves, and a book of matches.

Barry Sells His Lamp
Barry found an antique lamp in his garage. He took it to a pawn shop to get it appraised. It turns out it was a vintage lamp owned by someone famous. The pawn shop offered him $5000 for the lamp. Barry accepted their offer and saved all the money.

Zoo
Brad was excited to go to the zoo tomorrow. His mom had promised she would take him if he was good. But that night at dinner, Brad was rude and started a food fight! Brad's mom said his bad behavior had canceled their zoo trip. Brad cried, feeling remorseful.

Hybrid
I had to look for a new car. I wanted one that was good on gas mileage. I went tO the dealer to test drive some. I finally decided on a hybrid car. I just couldn't beat the great gas mileage.

The Basketball Showdown
Johnny and Fred decided to play Basketball against each other one day. Fred started winning early, and began to slack off. Johnny noticed this, and he worked hard to take the lead. In the end, Johnny beat Fred. Fred learned that day to never slack off until the game was over.

Moringa
Jane was having a hard time getting her family to eat healthy. She had tried to hide wheat grass in their food and failed. She decided to try Moringa powder instead. She put the powder in chocolate milk. Her daughter complained the whole time of the gritty texture.

Walter's Weightlifting
Walter was always a scrawny kid. When he got to high school, he started lifting weights everyday. Three years later, Walter decided to enter a weightlifting contest. None of his old friends could believe it. Walter went from a scrawny kid to a professional bodybuilder.

Come On In
Gina decided to keep a loose dog that followed her home. She would ask her father if she could keep the dog. She told the dog to wait outside since her mom disliked dogs. And she could see her mother was standing in the kitchen. But the little dog followed her right into the house.

Stick Shift Trouble
My first car was a stick shift. My Dad taught me how to drive it when I was 16. I struggled with the controls for weeks. I was finally comfortable enough to go out on the roads. I panicked and rear-ended another car 10 minutes into driving.

Hunting
My friend's dad went hunting for deer. He waited a very long time for a deer to come. Finally, he had to give up. On the way home, he hit a deer in his car. He knew he would get that deer somehow, even if it was unexpected.

Pest
Jeremy was writing at his desk. He heard some kind of animal shuffling around in the attic. He got up to go see what it was. In the hallway he heard a very loud thump. He went back to his desk to call an exterminator.

Flat Tire
Me and Jake are running late to our meeting. This meeting is very important, it is with Google in one hour. We are making great time, Jake is driving, we might get there early. I say there is nothing that can stop us now, Jake got mad at that. I guess i jinxed us, because we just got a flat tire!

epidural
Anna was struggling to deliver her first baby. She was in a lot of pain. The nurse offered her an epidural to help her. Anna gratefully agreed. The epidural helped her deal with the pain.

Korea
Young Su was born in Korea. He moved to America at a young age. He decided to go visit Korea, the land of his ancestors. He had a wonderful time on his trip. He knew he would never forget that perfect trip.

Firefighters
A call came into the fire station at around 1pm. The firefighters put on their gear as quickly as possible. They got into the fire engine and drove to the scene of the fire. There they found a kitchen fire that wasn't too serious. They were able to put out the flames, limiting the damage.

The broken leg injury
I was once playing out in the street. A car came out of nowhere and speeding down the street. I had to move out of the way quickly. I ran then slipped on the road which cause me to break my leg. I had to go to the hospital that day.

The Stuffed Puppy
Two-year old Lucas had a beloved stuffed puppy. One day he and his mother went to the post office. Lucas put his puppy in the mailbox while his mother wasn't looking! Lucas started screaming. Lucas was happy when the nice mailman got the puppy out for him.

River
The girls decided to take a trip to the river. The packed their swimsuits. They loaded their kayaks. They jumped in the water as soon as they arrived. The river was the perfect temperature.

Hallie Gets Even
Hallie is so small compared to her siblings. Her older brother made her so mad. She decided to get even. She went up to her brother with a hammer in her hand. Upside his head she went with the hammer.

Cousin Stacey
I loved when Stacey babysat me. Stacey was my older cousin and let me get away with anything. I ate several bowls of cereal, ran a muck and tore stuff up. Long after Stacey left, my mom noticed the mess and treachery. This time, I had to explain my rugrat behavior and didn't get away it.

Sunday
Allie wanted to sleep in. She had a late Saturday and was tired. Her family wanted to go to church early. She faked being sick and stayed in bed. Her family knew she was faking but didn't push it.

4K TV
Sammy was in line for Black Friday. She wanted to get a new TV. She waited for hours. She was able to buy a 4K TV for $500. She watched the football game on her new TV later that night.

Toy Trucks
Reese liked to collect toy trucks. He always wanted a huge collection. He bought trucks off online. He did this for 10 years. He now has over 500 trucks.

Dog Walker
Tim put up signs in the grocery store. They offered his services as a dog walker. Soon people began to call Tim. He got a dozen clients in under a week. Soon Tim was walking twelve different dogs!

Racoons for Dinner
Ed was tired of constantly having to open the door for the cat. So he put in a cat door. One morning he noticed an animal in his house that wasn't the cat. It was a racoon eating out of the cat dish. Ed had to close up the cat door after that.

Buffalo Wild Wings
My friend Jon wanted to watch the Redskins game. He asked if I wanted to go to Buffalo Wild Wings. I'm not a Redskins game, but agreed to go anyway. We ended up running into some mutual friends by coincidence. It ended up being a great time for all.

Broken Toy
John finished making a person out of macaroni. The teacher told him to bring it in front of the classroom. When he was trying it, the head broke off of the body. The entire body eventually collapsed. Jim was sad, although he earned an A in the class.

drink and drive
Hans drove to his friends birthday party. He was having a great time with his friends. Hans had a few drinks, but felt comfortable to drive home that night. On his way home he lost control over his car and landed in a ditch. Nothing happened to him, but he will never drink and drive again.

The Surprise Party
Yesterday was my birthday. All day, no one mentioned it and I was feeling forgotten. On my drive home, I was in a bad mood. When I got to my house, all the lights were off and no one was home. I opened the door and all my friends and family jumped out - SURPRISE!

Sally's jog
Sally decided to go for a jog yesterday. It was quite cold out but she decided not to take a coat. While she was running she regretted her decision, it was too cold! She had no choice but to turn back home halfway through her run. Sally got home and warmed up with a cup of hot coco.

Love
Meghan and I went to the beach one time. It was a long drive and we both got grumpy. When we finally arrived we sat in the sand and had lunch. She was sad it was such an overcast day. I cheered her up with a giant love note in the sand.

Walking Ferrets
Amber wanted to take her ferrets outside. Her ferrets would always run away though. She bought a leash for the ferrets. She can now walk them, without them getting away. The ferrets and Amber love the outside walks.

Stolen Book
Kyla realized her book was missing from her backpack. She looked everywhere, but couldn't find it. Suddenly, a boy came up to her to return it. He said he had stolen it, but saw how upset she was and felt bad. Kyla forgave him because she was so happy to have her book back.

Meredith's Story
Meredith decided to go to the beach. She packed her surfboard. When she got to the beach, she saw that the waves were very large. Meredith wanted to surf but decided that it was not safe. Meredith loved surfing, but she always put safety first.

Free Money!
In summer of 1992 I learned how to make free money. My friend showed me to put a blank envelope in an atm machine. Next, enter the deposit amount of $400. Now withdraw $400. I did as demonstrated but owe BofA $400 to this very day.

Food Festival
Every year Sam's family went to the local food festival. Restaurants set up stands and sold some of their best dishes. This year Sam's mom gave him five tickets. She told him he could get whatever he wanted. He spent all five on ice cream!

The Wedding
My best friend was getting married. I needed to get a tuxedo. I went to the most expensive store in the mall. They fitted me with a wonderful tuxedo. My friend got mad because I looked better than him during the wedding.

Jerry's Party
Jerry was feeling a bit lonely. He decided to throw a party. He invited all his friends for a dance party at his house. He bought lots of food and balloons for the party. Unfortunately, nobody showed up for his party.

Daydreaming
The ride home from school was relaxing. As I looked out the window, I began daydreaming. I also looked at the buildings outside of the car. When the car pulled up in the parking lot, I lost my attention. My day dream went away.

Fake Religion
Hannah decided to get baptized at age 12. She organized the baptism despite being young and naive. On the day of her baptism, Hannah was excited to finally feel God. She was lowered into the water but ultimately felt nothing. Hannah was furious and slowly converted into an atheist.

Scary woods
Louisa decided to go in the woods. She took a step but was frightened. She heard something rustling. She saw a bear. She immediately ran off.

Quick Escape
My friend threatened my friends and I to stay still. He didn't take him seriously until he pulled a bomb out. To avoid trouble, we stood still in one line. A group of security guards broke into the house. They took away the bomb and arrested my friend.

stray
Ava found a stray cat wandering around. She began to leave it milk and meat. Soon it followed her around outside. Then she lured it into her room. Ava had her own pet cat now!

Raccoon Attack
A few years ago I went on a camping trip with some friends. We packed enough food in the cooler to last six people for a few days. I forgot to bring something to secure the lid. That night we heard raccoons rummaging around our campsite. The next morning all our food was gone.

My Cat
One day my cat climbed up a tree. He was stuck and could not get down. My friend came over with a ladder. I had to climb up the ladder and rescue my cat. My cat does not climb trees anymore.

Hair Shocker
Barbara went to get her hair permed. The beautician put rollers and perm solution in. The perm solution burnt through her hair. Her hair fell out, and the beautician realized she used hair remover The beautician was embarrassed, and Barbara left upset.

Practice Makes Perfect
Fred missed the winning basket during the basketball game. He felt awful and sulked for a week. Finally the coach told him to snap out of it and stay late today. The coach had Fred shoot that shot he missed one hundred times. Since then Fred has never missed that shot in a game!

Girlfriend
Ty had waited tables all day and he was exhausted. Then his coworker had an emergency and asked him to stay late! Ty was a good friend, and needed cash badly, so he agreed. His last customer of the day ended up leaving him a $45 tip. Ty was so glad he had decided to stay late that day!

Car
Jay was a firm believer that his car was faster than Joe's. They agreed to race after school. Jay was in the lead at first. Then Joe caught up. Joe won the race.

zoo
Ira wanted to go to the zoo. He asked his mom to take him. She said she would if he was nice to his sister all week. Ira made an effort to treat his sister kindly. At the end of the week his mom took him to the zoo!

Susan's Necklace
Susan always wore her grandmother's silver necklace. She forgot to take it off one day as she ran and played outside. She began to cry because the necklace was lost. Her friends began a search that lasted for hours. Susan cried happy tears when the necklace was found.

Cold Lake
Laura wanted to swim. She was told not to go in the lake because it was too cold. Laura thought it was warm enough, so she jumped in the lake. The lake was very cold and she got chilled. Laura ended up shivering, wrapped in a blanket for hours.

Horoscope for Marge
Marge went to a renaissance fair with her friend. At the fair, they encountered a fortune teller. They paid for a reading to get their horoscopes. The fortune teller told Marge that she would fall in love soon. Marge and her friend went home with hope in their hearts.

Brad learns to count
Brad was a smart child but still couldn't count. Every day his mom would hold up two fingers, then three, and wait. Brad would struggle and try, but he couldn't remember what came next. He persevered, watching and studying, for a long time. Finally he could count: three fingers, then four, and then five!

Writer
Molly had always dreamed of writing a novel. She started writing one the year she turned 30. It took a lot of research and time to put it all together. Finally it was finished. Molly's dream came true when her book got published.

Dirty Dishes
Vera shared an apartment with two roommates. Continually, Vera would walk into the kitchen and find dirty dishes Her roommates would go to bed without cleaning up after themselves Vera was so frustrated one day that she threw all the dishes away. Her roommates got the message and began to wash dishes every day.

Hoops
Trey wanted to join the basketball team. To get better at ball, he played basketball after school. He and his friends played for weeks. Then Trey tried out for the team. The captain personally told Trey what a great player he was!

The undefeated match
Both football teams were undefeated in the season. It was the Packers against the broncos. The Broncos got a big lead early. The Packers were really struggling. The Broncos won 34-10.

Makeup
Patty had never put on makeup before and didn't know how. She went to her sister's room and asked her to help her put it on. Her sister spent several minutes explaining how to do so. The next day she tried and walked out of her room. She knew that she did it wrong because her sister laughed.

Bath Time
TJ had very sore hips. He decided to take a bath. The hot water soothed his sore body. Eventually he got out of the tub. He felt very relaxed after his bath.

Tap Dance
The calendar said that Victoria had ballet that day. So Victoria put on her leotard and tutu. She wore her ballet shoes. She arrived at tap dance class wearing the totally wrong shoes. Her dad had wrote the wrong thing on the calendar.

Space Travel
Many years ago people started planning how to get to the moon. They worked very hard. They sent many missions into space. One day they landed on the moon. It was a very exciting time in the world.

Facing Fears
I wanted to move forward in my life so I had to face my fears. I identified what I was afraid of then asked myself why? I searched deep inside myself to discover where the fear originated. I learned it was from a childhood trauma that I had no control over. I am fine now because I forgave myself and the people involved.

clown
Brady loved clowns. He wanted a clown at his birthday party. His dad told him they might get one for him. On the day of his party Brady looked around eagerly. He was disappointed when he didn't see any clown.

A Close Game
Providence played against USC in college basketball today. The game was close, with each team taking the lead several times. At halftime USC was leading by one point. USC gained a 7 point lead midway through the second half. Providence came back and won the game in the final minutes.

I bought a new car.
My car was getting kind of old. I was driving my car to the store to get groceries. I ended up getting in an accident in an intersection. I waited to find out what the insurance company wanted to do. They cut me a check that I used to buy a new car.

Road Trip
Eve and her family decided to take a little road trip. They did not go far, just a little out of their state. Being away from the stress of their lives helped them bond. They grew closer as a family as a result. Eve and her family decided to start taking regular road trips.

Moving Across Town
Zachary wanted to move from his ratty apartment. He found a house across town. It was going to be slightly farther from his job. It was going to cost five times more than his apartment. Zachary learned to love his ratty apartment.

Nancy's post
Nancy was very unhappy with the customer service she received. She couldn't find a manager to talk to though. Nancy was forced to go home angry. She posted on the company's website about her experience. A manager who saw the post, contacted Nancy to help fix the issue.

Ferris Wheel
Keisha eyed the big wheeled wonder as she rode in the car. She begged her parents to stop and let her view it. As they stopped, she convinced them to take her on a ride. They waited in line for hours. Finally, she got to enjoy her first ride on the wondrous Ferris wheel.

Flu Shot
Jenny hated getting shots. When her mom told her she was going to get a flu shot she hid. Her mom found her in the closet. She took her to the clinic for her shot. Jenny felt a pinch and then it was all over.

locket
Rod bought his mom a locket for her birthday. He wondered what pictures to put in it. Then he had a great idea. He printed tiny copies of images of him and his sister. He gave them to his mom in her new locket.

Motivation
Jorge's son wanted an Xbox very badly. Jorge told him if he wants it he needs to get better grades. This motivated his son. Immediately he went into his room and began to study. His next report card was straight A's, so Jorge bought the system.

Swimming
Jimmy wanted to learn to swim. He was at his friend's house and they wanted to go swimming. His friend asked his mom if they could go swimming. The boys jumped into the pool. Jimmy quickly realized that he could swim.

Mormon
Phil is Mormon. His girlfriend is not Mormon. Phil knew he had to go on a mission. He told his girlfriend he would not see her for two years. His girlfriend decided to break up with him.

The best video game.
Rick played video games for over 15 Year's. However, he was starting to get bored of them. He decided to a pick up a game called Halo 5. He didn't think too much about it. However, Halo 5 ended up being his favorite game.

New In Town
Ken moved to a new town. He wanted to make friends. He put an ad up on craigslist. Ken was able to meet a few people. It gave him confidence to make friends.

Super Bowl Recap
The Panthers were favored to beat the Broncos in the Super Bowl. Denver scored first and their defense set the tone for the game. Cam Newton kept the game close into the fourth quarter. A late fumble recovered by Denver led to a touchdown. Carolina could not recover and lost 24-10.

Show Time
Matty raced home from school. Her favorite program was set to start at 4 pm. At 4:01 pm, the television was on. Matty settled on the couch  with her snacks and the remote control. Before long, she was singing along with the characters on the show.

Chores
Jim wanted to go to a party that weekend. His dad said he could go if he did all his chores. Jim went right to work cleaning and scrubbing. He got all his work done by Friday night. Then Jim happily headed out to the party!

Bob and Susan Gets Counseling
Bob had recently been arguing a lot with his wife Susan. They agreed to go to counseling together. They discussed all their problems with a family psychologist. They eventually improved their relationship with each other. Afterwards, Bob and Susan wrote a thank you letter.

The lost scorpion.
Sylvia woke up in the night to go to the bathroom. She saw a scorpion in the hallway. She covered it with a bowl. The next morning she checked under the bowl. The scorpion was gone somewhere.

Positive Impact Career
Maria is a social worker. She has to work with kids in bad situations all the time. Last month, she was able to get a child out of an awful home. He had an alcoholic father and an abusive mother. Maria has said that she loves getting to help these people.

Insecure work
I had just started working at a local pharmacy. During training, we had to take an extremely difficult test. I protested the test, because it was too hard. They proceeded to tell me that I had gotten the highest grade. After that, I never complained about another challenge.

The Dream
My wife could not fall asleep last night. While I was asleep she heard me talking. My wife thought I was talking to her. She tried to speak to me in my sleep. She was frustrated with the gibberish I said back.

Jenny Gets New Jeans
One day at work Jenny spills coffee on her blue jeans. She tries to get the coffee stain out, but it stays on her jeans. She decides she cannot wear them any more. The next day she buys a new pair of jeans for work. She is very careful not to spill anything on her new jeans.

One Opinion
How to produce a productive society. Stop giving children trust funds. If you give your children a job they will show you what their made of. They will find their place in the world. Equal pay for slave descendants and women is another story.

Dilma goes to Washington
Dilma was not having a good week. Her country was calling for her impeachment. Dilma put on a disguise and hurried off to the airport. Dilma took a flight straight to Washington DC. Upon arriving, Dilma asked Obama for a cabinet position.

Apple Pie
Sally decided to make an apple pie for her family. Sally went to the store and got all of the ingredients. Sally got home and put together the pie and baked it. Sally took the pie to her family's house for supper. Sally was happy when everyone complimented her pie.

Mailbox
Kayla had been looking forward to learning to drive for years. Her parents let her practice in parking lots, but not near home. They were worried she'd wreck and damage something. But finally Kayla convinced them she could drive down their street. They regretted allowing it when she ran over the neighbor's mailbox.

Strange Shirt
Frank wanted to make an impression on his friends. He thought a weird shirt design would catch their eyes. He found one with a chimpanzee drumming aggressively. He wore it to poker night. No one mentioned the shirt at all.

Oil Change
Bob's car had recently began sputtering. He was also getting terrible gas mileage. He took it into his mechanic to get it inspected. His mechanic performed an oil change on the car. Bob's car ran like new afterwards.

Sick
Jane's dog woke up with a cough. She gave her baby cough medicine. The cough did not get better. Jane had to take her to the vet. The dog had bronchitis.

Messed up food
I was hungry one day while driving. I decided to stop at a fast food drive through. After placing my order, I drove up to get my food. When I received my order, I noticed the food was all squished. I brought the food back to the store and they replaced it for free.

Fencing
Franco took his son to his first fencing lesson. His son was a natural and learned quickly. His teacher suggested he enter the tournament. Franco signed his son up and they prepared for the challenge. His son was able to win the entire thing and bring home the trophy.

Angry
Rob was extremely angry one day. So he decided to go outside and take a walk. But he felt angry at everyone who passed by him. Eventually, Rob started to argue with a man and tried to fight him. Rob later found himself in a hospital.

train
Dave had to take a train to his grandma's house. This was his first time. He kept asking people for help and directions. He made everything on time. He met up with his grandma.

Hitting a deer
Edward left his home for work one morning. He climbed into his car, and began to drive down the road. While driving, a deer jumped in front of his car. Edward got out of his car, and saw that the deer had been killed. He moved the deer off of the road and continued driving.

The Crater
The first astronaut on Mars was about to leave for earth. He stopped one more time and watched the scenery. He climbed in his ship and set coordinates for earth. In the 5 months journey home he couldn't stop thinking of Mars. When he got home, he never really felt home.

The Jogger
Ralph's doctor told him his weight was high and it was unhealthy. Ralph got home and decided to try going for a jog. He didn't go far, but he tried again the next day and went farther. After a month he hadn't skipped a day of jogging. He finally weighed himself and found out that he lost fifteen pounds.

bowling
Anna was invited bowling with her friends. She had never bowled before. She decided to give it a shot anyways. She lined up her ball and took aim. Anna got a strike on her first try!

Silence
The new radio intern was busy at work in the studio. He tripped over a cable and banged into a table. The result of this fall was that he damaged some equipment. The computer that broadcast the music stopped working. The intern panicked and ran to tell his boss.

Parenting
My baby was born not long ago. He woke me up in the middle of the night last night. I was tired and still had to go to work. When I came home, I had to feed the baby before I could go to sleep. Parenting can be hard.

Airport cat
I decided to take my cat to see my parents across the country. I took her to the airport with me, hoping for the best. When we got to the security line, she screamed bloody murder! Eventually she calmed down and slept in the plane. I was relieved when we made it to my mom's house.

Running
Tom wanted to become healthier. He also did not want an expensive gym membership. He decided to take up running. He ran every other day. He became much healthier.

Jill's mistake
Jill decided to have her best friend Brad come and decorate her place. Brad was great at decorating and she knew Brad would do well. However to her dismay, she found out her place was ripped apart. Brad out everything in storage and it was a mess. Jill then rethought her decision to have him decorate.

First day of school
It was my first day of school. I was really excited and ready to go. I ate breakfast and went outside to wait for the bus. The bus came and I got on. I rode the bus to the school and went to class.

No Hope
My friend wanted me to help him study. Since he has a low grade in the class, he was panicking. I tried to go over today's lesson. The next day, we took a test. My friend ended up guessing on every answer.

Christine Goes Christmas Shopping
Christine put off her Christmas shopping until the last minute. She finally went to the mall on the morning of December 22nd. She couldn't find anything to get for several people. Christine gave them gift cards instead. She vowed to never put off holiday shopping again.

The Skateboard
Jim had been pestering his mother for a skateboard for years. She finally agreed to allow him to get one. He promised to always wear his protective gear. One day he broke his promise and didn't wear it. Both he and his mother were very sad when he got hurt.

Good eats
Mary wanted a light snack. The vending machine was broken. Mary decided to go to the grocery store. She found the snacks she wanted but other stuff too. She came home with ten bags worth of groceries.

Mail Time
The mail was delivered to Hal's house at noon. Hal searched for his shoes to go outside to get it. He only found his left shoe. Hap hopped on one foot to the mailbox. He rested for a while and hopped on his left foot back.

subway
When we were in New York we had to take the subway. It was somewhat scary and complicated to follow. We had to read the map to catch the right one. We finally got on the right one and were able to make it to home. I would prefer to not have to do this again.

Walking
Sam was out driving one night and a deer jumped out in front of him. He tried to swerve, but he couldn't avoid it. Sam awoke to see his legs mangled and feared he'd never walk again. Months went by and he performed all types of therapy to try to walk. Finally six months after the accident he stood to take his first step.

Nausea troubles
The other night I felt sick. I felt like I was going to throw up. I had no idea what was wrong with me. I then decided to make some tea with cloves. That made me feel better.

Stranger Danger
Sam's car broke down so he began to walk home. A car pulled beside him as he walked. The driver asked Sam if he wanted a ride. Sam did not trust the tone of the driver. Sam said nothing and the driver drove away.

What you do for a dog
Josephine was ready to go to a party. She noticed that her new dog had her favorite boot in its mouth. Angry, she punished her dog. The dog cried so much, it touched her heart She decided to stay home to play with her dog all night.

The Job
Tim put his mask on and waited outside the bank. His partner signaled him from across the street. Tim began to run into the bank waving his gun around. He demanded all the money in the teller's stand. He got the money and ran out of the bank.

Janice Shaves her Head
Janice notices that she has developed a lot of dandruff. She tries using an anti-dandruff shampoo but it doesn't help. Finally she decides to shave her head to get rid of the dandruff. She loves her new look without hair. Janice is so happy that she no longer has dandruff.

Rock and Roll
I went to a rock and roll concert for the first time in my life. I went with this girl that I really like. Otherwise I wouldn't have gone because I don't like rock and roll. She asked me if I was having a good time and I said yes. I am amazed at the things we'll do for people that we like.

Rock Collection
Miles loved to collect rocks. He went searching for rocks one day in the desert. He searched high and low. He found many new rocks for his collection. Now his collection is to be envied.

Overcoming Your Fears
Mary is going to South Africa this summer to do charity work. She had to get several vaccinations before she left. However, she's very scared of needles. She went through with it because she really wanted to go. Now that that's over with, Mary is very excited to leave.

Keys
Bob the restaurant manager went to the bartender to talk. The bartender said that he needed Bob's keys to get some stock. Bob handed the keys to the bartender. The bartender went in the wine cellar to get some wine. Meanwhile, Bob acted as the bartender for the guests that came in.

The French Poodle
Bob was lonely. Thus, he decided to get a dog. He went to the local shelter. He met a French poodle that he really loved! He decided to adopt the poodle!

Spelling Bee
Daniel was always a good speller. He decided to enter his high-school's spelling bee. He made it all the way to the finals. He got third place. It was much better than anybody expected.

Justine's Dreams
Justine has always been interested in psychology. Justine worked at a convenience store for five Years to pay bills. Justine tried to go to college and work at the same time. Because she worked too hard, she kept failing math. Justine finally quit her job to pursue her academic career.

Parent Problems
Jake was having dinner with his family. He was arguing with his parents about his chores. Jake had forgotten to take out the garbage this week. Jake excused himself from dinner. He went to go read a book to ease his mind.

Braids
Annie is very good at braiding hair. She decided to go to beauty school. While at school, she perfected her craft of braiding. Many people wanted her to style their hair. Annie is a successful hair stylist now.

First Haircut
Bobby was about to start kindergarten. His father thought it was time for him to get his first haircut. He was nervous because he didn't know what to expect. When he sat in the big chair the woman holding scissors seemed nice. He felt like a big boy with his new haircut.

Catching a Criminal
The two cops are on hot pursuit of a drug dealer. As they get close the dealer throws away his stash. One of the two cops chases the drugs. The other one continues chasing the drug dealer. Eventually they get both and make a proper arrest.

Nieces
Hannah was babysitting her three nieces. It was a beautiful day out. She took them outside to ride on her horse Captain. She let them pet her donkey and chase the chickens. They had such a fun day playing on the farm.

Found One
Gina's mom was going to Target on Saturday. Gina got up and dressed early so she could go with. Her mother was hesitant to let her come with. But Gina promised she would help with the shopping. She was pleased her mother agreed to allow her come with.

My brother
My brother was born very sick. One day he got so sick he had to go to the hospital for a long time. We visited him often. He and I would play lots of card games together. My brother is in heaven now with the angels.

Finding Gold
John was mining in a tunnel with his friend. They worked all day long in the dark, hot tunnel. Just as he was going to give up, John hit something hard. His friend ran over and they saw large veins of gold. They grabbed it all and ran home very rich men.

Inheritance
Jo's grandmother died, and let her an inheritance. Jo went to the lawyer's office to collect the items. She was surprised to see hundreds of cardboard boxes. Jo's grandmother had left her a library! Jo spent months sorting through the books.

The Stroke
A recent stroke left Kay unable to move her left side. She needs intensive PT and round the clock care. Her son finds a rehab facility that accepts her insurance. The facility is dirty and understaffed. Kay becomes depressed.

The costume bowl.
Ruth was with her friends on Halloween. They decided to go bowling. The place offered a free bowl for anyone in a costume. Ruth didn't have one, but quickly made one up using junk in her car. Luckily, it worked and she was able to bowl for free.

The Twisted Ankle
Andy loved basketball. One day, while playing, he fell and twisted his ankle badly. After trying to walk without help, Andy decided to go to the doctor. The doctor told Andy that his foot was broken. Andy has to walk on crutches now and cannot play basketball.

The Mad Scientist
One day, a scientist was working to solve the cure for cancer. He believed he was reaching a breakthrough, so he was very excited! Sadly, his experiments did not go as he had hoped. The undesired results made him angry, so he destroyed the lab. The scientist was fired and blacklisted from the research field.

Racing the Clock
Fred's racecar was broken down. He wasn't sure if he would get it fixed in time for the race on time. He went down to the salvage yard to find some parts. He worked all night to get the car running. Even though he finished 7th, he was still proud to make the race.

Lasagne Dinner
I made frozen lasagne for dinner last night. The package claimed to contain eight servings. My husband ate half, my son ate the other half, plus garlic bread. About an hour later, both guys claimed to have stomach aches. They should've listened to me when I told them not to eat so much!

Tia
Tia saw the new girl get pushed around at recess. She thought about pretending she hadn't seen. But then she decided to do the right thing. Tia went out and helped the girl to her feet, kindly. Afterwards, she felt good about her behavior.

Carriage
My boyfriend in high school always went overboard. He was three years older than me and made a lot of money. We decided to attend my senior prom. He arrived at my house in a horse drawn carriage! We rode the carriage to prom.

Carrying
Little alice was a lazy child. She wanted to go to the store. It was right around the block. Still she didn't want to walk. Eventually she convinced her mom to carry her.

Snow
Lillian is 10 Year's old from Texas. She went to visit her grandmother in Oregon for the winter break. It was her first time ever seeing snow. She spent much of the week sledding, and building snow figures. She cannot wait to tell all of her friends about the fun she had.

Phone in the Sink
Sam was on his cellphone while washing dishes. He was on hold and using his shoulder to hold it against his ear. Before he could react, it slipped into the soapy water below. He grabbed it as fast he could and removed the battery. Unfortunately, it couldn't be saved.

Quick makeup.
Tabitha woke up one morning to see that her alarm hadn't worked. She was running very late and needed to leave soon. She quickly got dressed and brushed her hair. Then, she tried to apply her makeup as fast as possible. It looked sort of sloppy, but she accepted it and left.

An Inkling
Ed got a sneaky feeling he needed to leave work and go home. It was early so he hesitated. He finally decided he should follow this urge, leaving the office. When Ed arrived home he found rising water on the first floor. The dishwasher line had burst!

Taking a long nap
I was very tired after a double shift at work. When my shift was over, I got into my car. I tried to stay awake as I drove home. I made it to my front door and climbed to my room. I almost instantly fell asleep in my bed.

Borrowing Tools
Ted was normally alright with lending out tools to his neighbors. John came over and asked Ted to borrow his lawn edger. Ted was still waiting for John to return his weed wacker. Ted told John he could borrow only one thing at a time. John went back to his garage to look for Ted's weed wacker.

Test
Last week i had to take a math test at school. I was scared to fail, because i am not good at math. I had a difficult time answering all the questions. I was almost sure that i had failed the test. When i got the test back, i was surprised that i had passed it.

John Rides a Bike
John had dreamed for many Years of riding a bike. His brother told him that he would never ride a bike. However, John was determined to prove his brother wrong. He got on a bike and rode it across town. John was so happy that he had the chance to ride a bike.

Craft Club
Kylie wanted to start a craft club at her school. She put up flyers announcing her intent and asking for members. Soon, she got several emails expressing interest. They all got together and got the club started. Now they meet regularly and are great friends.

Felipe Tries Quinoa
Felipe did not like trying new foods. His friends tried convincing him for months to try eating quinoa. Finally he agreed to give it a shot. He found it chewy and not very appetizing. Felipe decided to stick with eating the foods he knew and loved.

Baby Brother
Chester loved his baby brother. He noticed one day that his brother was cold. Luckily, Chester was able to give his brother a blanket. They cuddled until his baby brother was warm. Chester and his brother love each other very much.

Go For A Walk
Gina and her friend Lisa were babysitting Lisa's siblings. This narrowed the list of things they could do. They decided to walk to the park. As they walked a bee flew by. Lisa ran from the bee for half a block.

Flu
Lyn started to feel bad. She took her temperature and it was over 100. She decided to go to the doctor. The doctor told her she had the flu. Lyn was in bed for over a week.

Threatening to Break Up
Candy loves Russell, but Russell doesn't give her money. Candy thinks Russell should give her everything she wants. She asked Russell for an allowance and a credit card. Russell said he wasn't going to spoil her. But Candy said he had to share wealth or she was leaving.

Husband
Jeff is a stay at home dad and he loves it. His wife is a doctor and makes plenty of money for both of them. Jeff cleans, cooks, and takes care of their baby. Sometimes Jeff's wife gets upset because she had a bad day at work. At least she gets to come home to a clean house and a cooked meal.

Dog toys
The dog was given many toys by its owner. When the owner went to throw a toy, she could not find one. She looked everywhere. So she bought a few more. When she got home, the dog had pulled them out from hiding.

The Figure
Michael loved to collect figures. While searching the web he came across a cute little figure. He noticed others were bidding on it so he attempted to bid too. The timer still had over an hour left on it. Finally an hour later he had won the bid and bought the figure.

Marco Tastes Wine
Marco has always wanted to go to a wine tasting. However, he was ashamed not to know much about wine. Finally Marco decided to attend a wine tasting. He tried many delicious white wines. Marco was happy that he had finally gone to a wine tasting.

Traffic
This morning I rushed out the door to go to work. I drove toward the end of the main road in my neighborhood. Traffic was backed up so I decided to cut through the bank lot. I was pulled over on the other side of the lot for cutting through! The officer let me pass with only a warning but it was a close call.

discovery
Bert loved to drink coffee every morning. He often would drink a pot of coffee all by himself. Bert began to get heartburn a lot. He began to drink less coffee. Bert's decreased coffee intake helped alleviate his heartburn.

It's Awfully Dark
Lindy and Joe went to a remote area to look at the stars. There was no light pollution, so they had a great view. They went to return to their car and realized it was too dark. They couldn't find their way to the path. They had to wait in the dark until the sun finally came up.

Late
Jim and Barbara have to go to the doctor. They have to leave by noon to be there on time. Someone showed up at their house right before they left. Jim and Barbara didn't leave until 15 minutes after noon. Now Jim and Barbara are going to be late.

San Francisco
I wanted to move out of North Dakota. I decided to move to San Francisco. I packed my bags and drove down there. I tried to look for an apartment but it was too expensive! I was forced to move back to North Dakota.

Midnight
It was around 2:00 AM when Pam decided to walk home. It was a 15 minute walk, but she was taking it slow. After being pre-occupied on her phone for awhile, she noticed someone. The stranger had been following her for awhile, and looked suspicious. She ran the whole route until she arrived at her house, safe from him.

Dentist Fire
Sharon went to the dentist to get her filling. While in the waiting room, someone burned food in the back microwave. A fire ignited, and the receptionist called a fire truck. Everyone got out, and the firemen put out the fire. Sharon made arrangements to switch dentists due to the building damage

Stolen cds
When I was younger I had a lot of cds stashed in my locker. I was sharing a locker with someone that seemed ok. Eventually, I thought it would be ok to put my cds in the locker. The person I was sharing a locker with took my cds in front of me. I told the teacher immediately.

Black Friday
John wanted to get his wife an expensive present for Christmas. The problem was, John didn't have enough money. John waited until Black Friday to get the gift. Just as John suspected, it went on sale. John got his wife a beautiful necklace.

Yoga
Aya was pregnant but wanted to stay fit. She decided to try a maternity yoga class. She went to the class each week and did her poses. The yoga kept Aya flexible and in shape. She stayed fit all throughout her pregnancy!

Nala
Nala loved horses and horseback riding. She desperately wanted to go to jockey camp, but it was expensive. She decided to try to raise the money by selling baked goods. She baked lots of cookies and brownies and sold them door-to-door. They were so delicious, her neighbors bought enough to pay for camp!

Derek
Derek cried many weeks after his dog died. He missed his dog dearly. After a month his mom suggested he get a new dog. He finally agreed and he found his new dog. Over time, Derek learned to honor his first pet with his new one.

Bandit's Wandering
Chris had a small black and white chihuahua. He loved his small dog and named him Bandit. Bandit loves to go outside. While outside one day, Bandit wandered off. Bandit came back home after wandering off.

His crush
Jon had a long term crush on Mary. He didn't know exactly how to approach her. He decided to write a romantic love letter to woo her. He took it to her locker at school and slipped it in. She loved the letter, but thanked a completely different Jon for it!

Donut Time
Ron bought donuts for his friends at the office. He asked the baker for six glazed and six marbled. The baker decided to give him a extra Boston creme for free. Ron gave the baker a tip for his generosity. The baker refused and winked at Ron.

Lost Dog
My dog decided to leave the yard today. I was looking for him frantically. I told my parents to help me look for him. It started to get dark and I still had no idea where my dog was. When I was about lose hope, we find him down the street.

Worse Than Before
The workers came in front of the house. They took several cleaning supplies out of the truck in order to clean Drew pressure-washed some of the walls to take out the paint. However, the stick broke into the glass when he rested it. A week later, I received a compensation for the property damages.

Broken Phone
Jamal wanted to get a new phone. He did not want to buy one unnecessarily because he didn't need it. Last night after work, he was walking to the car when his phone fell. It fell face down and shattered and nothing would turn on. He had no choice but to buy a new one to replace it.

The Show
Kim waited three months for tonight's concert. She was going to go see Miguel perform live at the theater. Miguel was her favorite pop music artist. His performance on stage was more than what Kim had expected. She enjoyed herself at his show.

Birthday Dad
Alan's father  was having a birthday soon. Alan decided he wanted to get his father a birthday present. He searched high and low for the perfect gift. Finally, he came across a tie that said dad. Alan was able to give his father the tie for his birthday.

Aspen Bark
Dwayne loved to walk in the woods. He was on the lookout for distinctive tree bark. He used his pocket knife to cut some off an Aspen. He carefully brought it back to his house. When he got home, he made a beautiful dream catcher with it.

Jim's Dog
Jim loved dogs a lot but he didn't own any. Jim asked his dad to buy them a dog. Jim's dad told him to get a job and pay for a dog himself. Jim spent all summer collecting cans to exchange for money. After Jim made $500, he finally bought a dog!

College
Jason was in high school. Jason needed good grades to transfer to college. Jason worked for years to get good grades. Finally, Jason applied to colleges. Jason was accepted to his dream college.

The Library
Lucy grandparents had no internet. She was desperate to check her Facebook. She begged her grandma to go to the library. Grandma was busy and just couldn't take her. Finally grandma gave in and took Lucy to the library.

The Cold
Sammy had a cold. He was coughing and sneezing. He wanted to get better soon. He took some medicine. The next day, Sammy felt a lot better.

Pizza
All Jimmy wanted for breakfast was pizza. His mom tried to get him to eat, but he argued that it wasn't pizza. Jimmy's mom tried cereal, oatmeal, poptarts and everything. Finally one night, the family had pizza for dinner and mom saved some. The next morning, Jimmy had breakfast pizza and was ecstatic!

Inconvenience
Gary decided to get a few groceries in the supermarket. When he came to the checkout, he took out his credit card. After he scanned, he found out that his credit card is declined. He called his credit card company. They told him that he had no balance into his account.

Weeding
Jim was fired from his job for his attitude. Being laid off meant more time to take his attitude out on his family. He nitpicked every little thing, until they began avoiding him. Then he found a small patch of marijuana his son was secretly growing. Jim has become a very mellow man.

Spilled
I spilled ice cream on my shirt last night. I quickly ran to my closet and put on a clean shirt. I put stain remover on the old shirt and scrubbed at it. It looks like the stain came out. I threw the shirt in the hamper with the other laundry.

Maybe Next Time
The instructor told Tim to start driving. He reversed his car and started to move forward. When he crossed a four way intersection, he didn't look to the right. A car ended up crashing into his car. The instructor immediately failed him.

The snow
William watched the snow fall when he came home from school. He finished dinner and kept his eye on the snowfall. William made sure he watched the news with his parents that evening. The news informed William that it would snow all night. School was cancelled and William jumped for joy.

Thief
Rod stole a car for a joyride. He thought he would never get caught. But the car had a tracking device in it! The owner tracked the car and had the cops arrest Rod. Rod was taken straight to jail to await a trial.

New Driver
Sam was happy to finally have his driving permit. His mom and dad spent hours helping him learn to drive. Finally his 16th birthday came and he went to take his driving test. He was very nervous but was happy when he passed. He was happy to finally be a new driver.

Comedy
Jim loved to laugh and joke around. But his parents feared he would never get a real job! Then Jim had a great idea. He started to work the mic at comedy clubs, and folks loved him! His parents were so relieved to see their son happily employed.

The Concert
Our city put pianos out all over town for people to play. I was downtown and saw a homeless man begin to play. He played as well as any concert pianist I had ever heard. When he finished, he picked up all his worldly possessions. Walking back to the anonymity of his life.

lost keys
I came home from work. I forgot to put my keys on the key hook. I could not find them again for days. I was unable to go anywhere. Now i always put my keys on the hook.

Hide and Seek
Alicia loved to play hide and seek. One day, there was no one to play with. Alicia decided she would just hide for fun. Alicia's mom called the police when she couldn't find her. When the police came, Alicia came out from under the bed.

Walk
Tim decided to hike the Pacific Crest trail to improve his health. He trained in the gym for months in preparation. He set out north in April of the year. The hike took five months. He lost 20 pounds and felt much more at peace with himself.

The Visit
It had been many years since I had seen my friend. I invited her over to spend some time catching up. She asked if she could bring her kids along. My friend and her children came over on a sunny afternoon. We had a great time catching up and watching them play outside!

Hoping to hurry.
Jenna was on her way home from a trip. She wanted to get home to her boyfriend quickly. Her sister wanted to stop at the space museum, though. Jenna impatiently waited as they looked through the museum. Finally, they got back on the road and went home.

Johnson Gets a Puppy
Johnson had always wanted to have a dog. When he was a kid his parents said a dog was too much work. Now that he is an adult, he decides to get a puppy. He housebreaking the puppy and teaches it to fetch. Johnson is so happy that he finally has a dog.

First Date
It was Jenna and Lewis' very first date. The two were excited to get together finally. They found a nice table at the fancy restaurant and sat down. Jenna and Lewis had a fabulous time at dinner. At the end of the date, the two had their first kiss.

Football
I went to my son's high school football game. It was cold, windy, and raining. I bundled up, but could not stay warm. I could not wait for the game to end! After the game, I rode home with the heat on full blast in the car.

Trip to the DMV
Kelly had to get a new license. She drove over to the dmv to make a new one. She gave the information and took her photo. When all was done, she was thrilled to have a new license. She then drove back home.

My friend needed a new home.
My friend called yesterday and asked for a place to stay. Things had gotten tough with their job. I of course offered my couch for a little while. After discussion, we decided they could move in. She's now getting her stuff sorted.

Math Test
Gage had a big math test coming next Friday. He wanted to get an A on it. He asked a friend to help him study. She helped him study. He aced the test and got an A+.

Star Gazing
Dean and Julie love to stargaze. Laying a blanket out on the ground. Dean sets up the telescope to get a better view. Julie points out the different constellations. They lay together on the blanket looking up at the stars.

Bean Lover
Sam had a distinct love of eating beans. His family told him many times that it is not healthy. Sam ignored them and decided to get an opinion from a doctor. His doctor told him that he has immense gastrointestinal damage. Sam had to quit eating his beloved beans.

A Hard Worker
Rich was plowing his field. He was getting a lot of work done today. He went in to get a drink and take a break. He chose a glass of ice-cold lemonade. After the refreshment, Rich went back out to finish his day's work.

We went swimming
My friend Sara and I were really bored yesterday. We decided to go swimming and we couldn't decide where we should go. She searched online for places nearby that would let us swim for free. After we found the perfect place, we got our things together. We swam all day and I got a sunburn!

Jack skates
Jack loved to watch people skate at the skatepark. He wished he could skate as well as them. Jack eventually decided to get his own skateboard. He learned how to do tricks very quickly. Jack became one of the best skaters at the skatepark.

Challenge
I told Brad that I'll give him $100 if he doesn't use his phone today. He was able to keep his phone off until tonight. As soon as I was about to take a bath, I saw a light inside the room. I opened the door. Brad was using his phone.

Xbox
David loved to play xbox. One weekend, his girlfriend was going to stay with him. However, David really wanted to play his video games. David offered to teach his girlfriend how to play video games. Now, David and his girlfriend love playing games together.

Cat and Mouse
I saw a mouse in my house. I tried to catch it, but it was too fast. I asked my neighbors if I could borrow their cat, Daisy. We brought Daisy into my house and she saw the mouse. Daisy ran after the mouse and caught it.

first girlfriend
Kyle had just broken up with his first girlfriend. He was devastated! But his dad assured him he'd soon get over it. Indeed, within a few weeks Kyle had a crush on a new girl. He had certainly gotten over his breakup quickly!

Cam's Hike
Cam went on a hike alone in the desert. Cam suddenly tripped and sprained his ankle badly! He had nobody with him to run for help, so he began to crawl alone. Cam crawled for days through the desert before being spotted. He was eventually rescued and now always brings a friend hiking.

Gumball
Kim's job was having a contest. Whoever could guess the number of gumballs in a jar would get $100. Since everyone only got one guess Kim took her time to count. She them all but tried to make an accurate guess. Kim lost the contest by 5 gumballs.

Brandon Visits his Father
Brandon and his father haven't spoken for almost 10 Years. They had a huge fight over money and never reconciled. Finally Brandon decides to put an end to their fight. He visits his father and forgives him for anything that happened. Brandon is happy to be speaking with his father again.

Hunting
Dale loved to hunt with his uncle. Last week they went to a big ranch. They were going to ride ATVs and hunt quail. At some point his uncle had a heart attack. He never recovered and it ruined the trip.

Learning to Drive
Lou wanted to teach his son Nick how to drive a car. They both got up early at 8AM in the morning to start. He went over the basics as Nick started the vehicle. Nick pulled out of the driveway and headed to a stop sign. Nick made a gentle and complete stop to Lou's relief.

The Park
Nancy loves going to the park. She likes to walk around all of the trails. One day while walking she saw a turtle. She moved the turtle to a small pond. Now when she goes to the park she always looks out for animals.

unemployment
Rhoda lost her job. She had to go on unemployment. She was so ashamed. She hurried to scan the want ads every week. Soon she was working again!

Roundabout Confusion
Ted rented a car in New Zealand and prepared to drive. He was excited about his three week driving tour of the country. When he set out, he noticed right away the roundabouts. He was uncertain about how to go round the roundabout. He finally figured out how by just simply following the other drivers.

Getting a Haircut
Last week Janet went to get a haircut. She hadn't cut her hair in Years. It was a scary experience. She almost chickened out. She went through with it and loves her new hair.

Edinburgh
Neil was traveling in the United Kingdom. He was leaving England and entering Scotland. He decided to visit Edinburgh first. There, he found good food and friendly locals. Neil thought Edinburgh was a wonderful city!

Motherhood Makes You Steal
Our family was getting low on groceries. I decided to single-handedly take the kids to the store. Both kids sat in the crowded cart with the groceries. At the checkout, I missed putting some of the groceries on the belt. My two year old helped me steal canned oranges.

midwife
Cora loved babies. She decided to try to be an obstetrician. Then she wanted to take a more holistic approach. She did some more studying. Soon Cora decided to be a midwife!

A trip to the top
Megan was going to go to the top of the tower. She was incredibly nervous. She sat in silence while she went up. She was terrified of heights. In the end though, she felt good about it.

Kimmy's Cookies
Kimmy wanted to make cookies. She put all the needed ingredients on the table. She dropped an egg when mixing the batter. She got another one out of the refrigerator. The cookies turned out delicious.

Snowed in
During a recent blizzard, a snow plow piled the snow up behind my car. I have to park about 10 feet from the street. The plow did not move the snow to the side. It took me hours to shovel out. Next time i will park on the side of the street.

The Canoe Trip
Jim and I decided to go on a canoe trip. We gathered up all of our gear and drove to the river. We launched our canoes into the river. The current was very swift from the recent rains. Jim's canoe tipped over and he fell into the cold river.

Smash Opps!
Pat wanted to go bowling but the lanes were closed on Sunday. He took out his ball and practiced his form in his house. After a while his arm got tired from swinging the ball. In his fatigue he let the ball slip from his hands. His bowling ball crashed through his window.

Grandma's Cottage
Ann loved to visit her grandma's cottage. She adored the gingerbread trim and the secret hiding places. When she grew up, Ann forgot about the cottage. When she heard it was going to be sold, Ann went to see the old place. In her pocket was a check to buy the cottage.

The Ski Trip
The winter snow storm caused classes to be canceled. My friends invited me to go skiing on Mount Richards. I'd never skied but decided this was a good day to learn! On the slopes that day I fell, and fell, and fell again every time. That was the most frustrating day of my life!

Asbestos
Three friends wanted to go into an abandoned asylum. They decided they needed masks to combat the asbestos. They all went to Home depot. They talked to a worker who stated they have nothing to combat it. They all changed their mind about going.

Rock climbing fun
Lulu wanted to go rock climbing. She only liked climbing indoors. She went to an indoor facility. When she went she had fun. The only problem was she lost balance many times.

Biking incident
Clara was excited to go bike riding today with her friend. The two girls got on their bikes and rode around the neighborhood. Clara's bike started wobbling and she began to lose balance. She ended up falling off her bike. Luckily she had some bandages and sealed the wound.

The burnt muffin.
Ruth was baking muffins. She had just put a second batch in the oven. While she waited, she began to read a book. While she read, she accidentally dozed off. Suddenly, she woke up and found her muffins badly burnt.

The confiscated phone.
Andrea got caught sneaking out of the house. Her parents decided to take away her phone. They told her that she could have it back in a week. Andrea waited impatiently all week. Finally, she was able to get her phone back.

Jeff
Jeff was on his way to visit a friend in another state. Halfway there, he got lost. He couldn't figure out his location on any of his maps. He had to pull into a gas station and shamefacedly ask directions. Jeff found that he'd wandered 75 miles out of his way!

A Day at the Playground
Andy loved to play on the swings. He asked his mother to go to the playground. She agreed to go if they could do errands as well. Andy agreed to do errands and go to the playground. Andy and his mother had a long day playing and shopping.

Madden
I think I was the most excited for my nephew to get an xbox. Once he got it we started playing madden. It was so much fun to play it with hi,. The game was so realistic and entertaining. I can't wait until he gets another game!

Piano recital
Yesterday was my piano recital. I was very nervous to get on stage. I was afraid I would mess up. Thankfully however I did well. I was very relieved.

First Day of School
Ricky was getting ready for his first day of High School. Ricky had been nervous about this day for weeks. Ricky put on his backpack and walked outside to get the bus. The bus finally arrived and Ricky sat down. Ricky sat next to Tim, By the end of the bus ride they became friends.

Taking the SATs
Brian needed to take the SATs in order to get into college. In the weeks before the test, Brian only studied a little. The night before the test, Brian stayed up late playing video games. He overslept and arrived just as the test was beginning. Due to his lack of preparation, Brian failed the test.

Linda and Football
Linda was attempting to get into football more. She saw how much her husband liked it. When she sat down to watch it, she tried to cheer at the right times. Her husband gave her a dirty look, saying she was trying to mock him. Linda has given up trying to get into football.

Buy in Bulk
Two friends banded together to go to the supermarket. The bought the biggest quantity of every item they needed. At the register they split the cost between them. They took the food home and split it evenly. The friends were very happy because they saved so much money.

Freewheeling Friends
Jeff bought a motorcycle for his 21st birthday. Jeff did not know how to ride it, so he signed up for classes. When Jeff got to class, he met an old man. They became good friends. Jeff and the old man rode motorcycles together often.

The Firework Ticket
Billy's mom told him to go outside and play. He knew he was not allowed to play with the fireworks. Because they were illegal within his city limits, the police came. Billy's mom got a $300 ticket. Billy was in big trouble.

Dream Job
Kyle has always wanted to be a firefighter. He decides to take EMT classes. He does very well in all his classes. He applies for firefighter jobs in his city. He gets his dream job.

Annie's Cosplay
Annie was at a video game convention. She was suppose to cosplay her favorite character. She was set to go on stage when she realized she forgot her hat! She quickly called her friend who drove 20 minutes to retrieve it. Annie quickly put on her hat and waved to the cheering crowd.

Day Out
Paul went for a walk up downtown one day. He stopped at the coffee shop to have some coffee and a muffin. He had his snack and went on his laptop. He worked on his laptop for a while. He then walked around town some more and took a bus home.

Little Drummer Boy
Oscar got a set of drums for his 15th birthday. He loved the set and started playing right away. He got good pretty fast but annoyed his parents with his practice. Eventually they had to take the drums away. Oscar had to give up on his dream of becoming a drummer.

Miles Gets a Cat
Miles realizes that his life is increasingly lonely. Other than his trips to the grocery store, he rarely sees anyone. He decides a pet may help him stay happy. Miles decides to adopt a kitten. Now that he has a cat, Miles feels much less lonely than before.

Chemistry Test
Ellen wanted to do well on her Chemistry exam so she could go out. Her mom told her if she got an A she could go to a house party. Ellen stayed up all week studying for her test. On the day of the test, she felt confident. She aced her exam and was able to go to the party.

Out of Quarters
I was doing laundry last week. I ran out of quarters in the middle of it. I had to run to the store to get change. I barely made it back in time to dry my clothes. Now I keep extra quarters as a precaution.

Cat food
When I fed my cat this morning I realized that I was out of cat food. I decided to drive to the store to buy some food for my cat. When I got to the store I went to the cat food aisle. I found the brand she likes and bought five cans. I drove home with the cat food, and put it away.

The Grocery Trip
I went out to the grocery store with my mother today. We wanted to get all of the groceries for the entire month. We did all of our shopping and got everything on our list. Then we went to the check-out and realized we forgot our money. I guess we will have to go again tomorrow.

vacation
We asked our nephews yesterday if they wanted to go on a vacation. We thought we would see if they wanted to make plans for the summer. But instead they said they wanted us to join them at Disney. Little do they know that we are going to be surprising them there. They will be so shocked when we meet them at the airport.

The Hunter
There once was a hunter named Ned. He hunted for more reasons than to get fed. This hunter mutilated animals until they were bone. One day, Ned fell asleep in the woods alone. By sunrise, the hunter had become the hunted.

Speed Dating
My friend asked me to go speed dating today, with her. I was reluctant. What if I didn't meet anyone. As we arrived I began to feel more comfortable. There was someone I felt an instant connection with.

My Job
I love my job which many people can't honestly say. I work in retail and it's so easy. I get paid decent money for a very easy job. The benefits I get aren't bad either. I hope that I can work this job until I retire.

Sister Issues
Patty and Laura gave each other the silent treatment in the hall. Bob tried to get them to talk, but to no avail. So, we all decided to go out and get lunch together. In the end, we were all laughing by the time the next period started. It looks like the two were on friendly terms by the start of class.

An Annoyance
I was walking to the store and heard some music. Local rappers had set up a street show. A pretty young woman was dressed up in street clothes ready to rap. Her voice was like fingernails on chalkboard. I put my earbuds in and hurried on.

New home
Aegis wanted to move out of his place and find a new home. He was tired of the same old thing day in and day out. He decided that it was time to talk to a real estate agent. The real estate agent put his house on the market. Aegis moved from his old place and got the place he really wanted.

Baby Blanket
Jill and Ally had been friends since childhood. When Ally got pregnant, Jill wanted to give her a special gift. She spent nearly 2 months knitting a lovely blanket for her. Ally was touched by her friend's thoughtful gift. Ally put the blanket in the baby's crib right away.

Hotspot
Our internet service was weak over the weekend. We could not get popular websites. My wife wanted to look at something on cnn. I turned my phone into a hotspot. She used it to access cnn, and was happy.

Nikki's dog
Nikki saw an ad for the humane society. She felt terrible and ran down to get a puppy. She took good care of him and gave him a great life. The puppy was happy. Nikki was satisfied with the dog.

A Good Tip
Jon finished dinner at his favorite restaurant when his check came. He was very impressed with how nice his server was. He wanted to do more than leave a good tip. He left a large tip and told the manager about his superior service. In response the the manager decided to give the server a pay raise.

slug
Tina was running in the park one day. Across her path, she saw a fat red slug! She paused in her run to approach the slug. Picking it up gently, she set it on a tree branch. Then Tina returned to her run, happy to have saved the slug.

Chemistry
Jeff was failing Chemistry class his Junior year. He had three weeks and two tests left in the semester. His teacher told him to stay after school to study. Jeff stayed every day for three weeks, and improved a lot. He brought his grade up a full letter grade!

Dancer
Julie was a great ballerina. She dreamed of performing in the Nutcracker. She auditioned for the lead Sugar Plum Fairy. She was called back onto the stage. She got the lead Sugar Plum Fairy!

The Shower
Jake was tired from work. He wanted to take a hot bath. He noticed his tub was really dirty. He didn't want to clean it. Jake decided to just take a shower instead.

Bad Inspector
When the health inspector comes to Jack's restaurant Jack is nervous. He tells Jack that if he wants to pass it will cost him $500. What he doesn't know is that Jack has cameras in the restaurant. He reports the inspector and sends in the video and audio. The inspector is fired and arrested.

Working
Tom worked an office job. The company decided to run a special promotion. The promotion was to give one thousand dollars away. The winner was determined by who worked the most overtime. Tom worked twelve hours per day and won the contest.

Concert Tickets
Liz wanted to go see her favorite band play Friday Night. She went online to buy tickets. Liz found some great seats for her and her friends. They all headed to the show together. Liz had an awesome time!

Taking out the dog.
Bree was laying in bed when her dog began to bark. She knew that she needed to take him outside. She was so comfortable and didn't want to get up. Instead, she bribed her sister to do it. Her sister took the dog out and Bree enjoyed her sleep.

Wedding Shape
Sarah is really trying to get into shape for her wedding. She hasn't had much luck yet and she feels lost. She is just running but she doesn't seem to loose any weight. She read a book that told her to mix cardio and weightlifting. She started doing that and immediately started seeing results.

Too Much of a Good Thing
Stacy had an obsession with breakfast cereal. To her delight, Cocoa Krispies were by one get one free at the store. She gleefully bought four boxes. It only took Stacy three midnight binge sessions to devour it all. She vowed to never eat Cocoa Krispies ever again.

Chris Takes a Drive
Chris wakes up feeling a little bit lonely. He decides to take his old truck out for a drive around the country. Along the drive he passes old farms and a small restaurant. He comes back home several hours later. Although the drive was nice, he feels no less lonely.

My First Plane Ride.
I took my first plane ride today. We boarded the plane and got in our seats. I was so nervous as I buckled my seat belt. The plane shook as it rose into the air. I loved seeing all the fluffy clouds in the sky.

catamaran
Ana had a new boyfriend. He asked her to ride with him on his catamaran. Ana was nervous but she agreed. They went out the very next day, and Ana was surprised. She had not expected it to be so wonderful!

School Board Victory
Paul, a retired teacher, decided to run for the school board. He was running against several wealthy business owners. Paul honed his message and focused on his life experience. The teachers rallied to support their passionate colleague. Paul won a seat on the school board.

Baker's Dozen
Emily was getting donuts for her family. Her dad told her to get a dozen. She had picked twelve, but the worker said she got one more. We offer baker's dozens here, the worker explained. That's thirteen for the price of twelve.

Burrito
Stan put his burrito in the microwave. The microwave didn't work. After a lot of work, he installed a new one. He tested the microwave on a burrito. Stan finally got to eat his delicious burrito.

Dizzy at School
Maddie was at school. She felt dizzy as she walked through the hall. She decided to go to the nurse. They couldn't do anything to help her dizziness. She decided to go home.

Gangs
Freddy was in the streets,walking around. He saw members of the rival gang. He was all alone but decided to take them. It was 10 against 1. Freddy died.

Trick-or-Treat
Sue was excited to go trick-or-treating with a new friend. Her bag of treats filled as they went from house to house. Sue was shocked when her friend wanted to go back for seconds. She thought some people recognized them as they were greeted. Sue gave all her candy to her siblings when she got home.

Out of Your Comfort Zone
I had planned to go listen to Chuck Palahniuk give a speech. It was in the middle of Boston. I was very nervous thinking about the train and unknown area. On the way to the venue I somehow got mixed in with a charity run. I jogged in my suit and satchel until the hotel came into view.

Roller Coaster
Annie was finally tall enough to go on the big rides at the park. She was excited but also a little scared as she waited in line. The roller coaster looked bigger close up! She got on with her dad who smiled encouragingly. It was scary but so much fun she rode it four times.

Saving Money
Tom wanted Zach to go to the bar tonight. Zach is very broke, and can't spend any money tonight, so he says no. Tom got really mad and punched Zach for being a bad friend. Zach ended up going out with Tom to the city. When they got there, Zach didn't buy a drink, so he still saved money.

The Pet Monkey
Policeman Rodney crashed through the brush, following his dog. A dwarf had stolen a lady's pie and run into the woods. They reached a house only to find a screaming monkey in a red shirt. The owner apologized for his pet and promised to replace the pie. Chuckling, Rodney wondered what his chief would think of this one.

Lost in the Woods
Jan and Hal went on a three week vacation to New Zealand. While they were there they used a shuttle service to get around. One day the shuttle dropped them at the address they had given. They soon discovered the address was wrong and found themselves lost. Eventually a nice woman named Nan helped Hal and Jan find their cabin.

Oak Tree
Sam was only four years old when he decided to plant a tree. His mom helped him plant it in the front yard and take care of it. Over the years Sam's tree grew with him. Many years later Sam was an old man and had grandchildren. He gathered his family by the tree and had a photograph taken.

Sore throat trouble.
Sasha was sick and needed to take her medicine. She tried to swallow the pills. Her throat hurt too badly, and she couldn't do it. Instead, she crushed the pills up. Then, she put them in applesauce and ate them like that.

Cade Does a Puzzle
Cade likes to put puzzles together. Today, Cade decides to put his spider-man puzzle together. He gets all the way done, and notices a piece missing. Shaking the box, he finds one stuck at the bottom. Putting the last piece on, he can now step back and look at his work.

A story about my dog.
I love my dog, perhaps since the moment I laid eyes on him. We took him home the first day and enjoyed our time together. It took a while to get him trained to be on a leash. Once he learned the leash, we were able to take him walking. He's such a happy dog!

Buying Batteries
Kim's boyfriend asked her to buy some batteries. She agreed to get them on her way home. She stopped by the store and got some impulse items. When she got home she realized she forgot the batteries. Her boyfriend made her go back for them.

Spinning Out of Control
The spinning dragon ride at the fair was never my favorite. My daughters begged to go on it so we went. Another family went on with us and I sat next to the little girl. The ride spun faster, the little girl slipped towards the gate. I grabbed her in time and held her tight, happy that she was safe.

Dropped walkman
I was feeling lonely and decided to go out for a walk. I grabbed my jacket and my walkman and put on my shoes. I then walked out the door and began walking down the street. After walking for no more than fifteen minutes, I dropped my walkman. I broke it into a few pieces and then had to go back home.

Flying lesson
Tina decided to take flying lessons. When she stepped into the plane it felt amazing. Yet when she was flying, for a second she panicked. The weather was getting cloudy. Thankfully she was able to land the plane safely.

Renting a room
I moved to a new town this month and need a place to live. I bought a newspaper and checked out the classifieds for a place. There were several rooms for rent and two apartments. I called about one of the rooms and set up an appointment to see it. The room was nice and later that afternoon I had a place to live.

Television
I really hate wasting time. I decided one day to get rid of my television. Now I spend more time reading. I've gained a lot of knowledge from reading. Now I'm smarter than everyone I know!

The Big Test
Erin had a big test of Friday. She put off studying all week long. She stayed up all night Thursday trying to cram for the test. She went to take the test knowing everything she needed to know. She fell asleep during the test and failed anyway.

Wrong Target
My Uncle decided to set up the fireworks. The wind managed to push the box. It fell, with the fireworks facing the direction of my family. It ignited and attacked my family. They got out of their seats in order to avoid being burned.

The Waterfall
The family enjoyed taking nature walks together. They decided to explore a new path one weekend. While on this new path they found a beautiful waterfall. They all took turns jumping down the falls. They decided new paths were worth the discovery.

Trust
Ron didn't trust anyone. But at school, he was put into a group for a project. He feared everyone in the group hated him. But as they talked about the project, Ron felt more comfortable. Ron became everyone's friend and learned to trust them.

Annoying Dog.
Went over to my sister's house to visit. My sister let her dog out of the cage to walk around the house. After five minutes I now know why this dog was locked in the cage. The dog bit me, jumped on me and has the most annoying loud bark. This dog caused me to make the visit short.

Clueless
Richard was attending a local high school. One day he found himself lost. He asked a random stranger to give him directions. He ended up even more lost. Richard ended up being late to every class he had.

Hotel
Ryan rented a hotel to stay. He needed a place while he was traveling for his job. The hotel was infested with bugs He was disgusted but had to stay the night. He wrote an angry review on yelp after

Fruit Basket
I wanted to show my workers I appreciated them. I sent out to get fruit baskets for everyone. They were supposed to arrive on Monday. They didn't arrive until Wednesday and the fruit was rotting. My employees thought it was a cruel prank.

Bad Predicament
I had to go to the doctor since I had the flu. Although I thought about missing school, I still went. The teacher told everyone to take out a scantron. I forgot that I was supposed to take an exam today. However, I ended up with an 88 on the exam.

Mark the Monk
Mark had chosen to become a monk in France. Every day, he prayed and did his chores and read the scripture. One day, he saw a pretty girl in a tight dress walk down the street. Martin could no longer be a monk. He tore off his frock and chased after the girl.

Rico's Letters
When the summer came, Rico had to move back home. He was sad because he had made many new friends in Iowa. On the last day of school, Rico exchanged addresses with his friends. When Rico arrived home, he already had letters waiting for him. Rico has many new pen pals that he writes to every week.

Patient Zero
Wanda was going to go see Spectre today. When she got out of bed, she felt weak and sick. It turns out that she had a terrible fever. When she went to the doctor, he said she should stay home for days. Thankfully, she decided against going to the theater.

The Riot
There was a loud roar from the break room in the steel mill. Fred the union leader was calling on them to strike. He demanded they get a raise from 23 to 35 dollars an hour. At the end of his speech he kicked down the break room door. They all marched out of the steel mill and cheered.

Noises
When tom was little he would stay in the woods on their property. One night in particular, he kept hearing strange noises. They came from deep in the woods. Tom found a colorful woodpecker. He loved discovering new things!

Visit
Sarah was nervous to visit her grandma in another country. She had never traveled alone before. But the plane ride was uneventful and even kind of fun! By the time she got there, she was totally relaxed. Sara was able to enjoy her trip very much!

The Big Hunt
My dad and I woke up early. We left the cabin and walked deep into the woods. We sat in the same place for hours waiting. I shot my first deer. We ate good that night.

Daily Walk
I take a daily walk every single day. I usually take the same path each time. I decided to take another path this time. I saw a bunch of shiny objects scattered in the grass. The objects turned out to be quarters, which i took and went home.

The Art Museum
One day, the third grade class got to take a field trip. They got on a big, yellow bus and drove to an art museum. The students saw lots of paintings, and many different kinds of art. They even got to eat lunch in a sculpture garden outside! After lunch, the children went home.

Vocals
I like singing English covers of Japanese songs. I set up some social media sites to share my covers. They don't get much traffic. I'm considering networking at events to improve the attention. I plan to keep trying at my covers.

All for the Mall
Tammy seriously needed to get to the mall to see her friends. She begged her dad to take her. Finally, she bargained with her mom. She had to clean the whole house. After a lot of cleaning, Tammy was able to enjoy her friends company.

Trip to the new mall
Jen and Tim wanted to go to the new mall. They always loved shopping. When the couple went they bought a lot. Jen was happy to have new clothes. They couldn't wait to come back.

Scary Stories
Cecily liked scary stories and read all that she could. She regretted it though because she lived alone and got scared. She tried to give up her spooky books, but missed them too much. Her friend asked her to join a book club where they read together. Cecily felt much better when she could share her stories with others.

Sugar
Tom put sugar in everything. He put it in his milk. He put it in his eggs. One day he got a bad tooth ache. From then on Tom cut back on his usage of sugar.

The Box
The teacher put a wood box in his classroom. During his lesson he stood on the box to lecture. The students stopped taking notes and listened to him on the box. The teacher felt a great sense of power on the box. After he stepped down, he told them the test was on Monday.

Target
Addison loves to go to Target. She spends a lot of money there. She decided to make a Target budget. Now she goes to Target with a list. She has a lot more money now!

Zoo
Leo begged his mom to take him to the zoo. After weeks, she relented and they went to the zoo together. Leo was thrilled and excited! He loved walking around looking at all the foreign animals. Leo and his mom both had a great day at the zoo!

Pizza Joint
Brad lives next to this great little pizza joint. He used to go there one his way home from work. The owner would always give Bread a slice for free. One day the pizza joint went out of business. Now Brad can't get any more free pizza.

Big Game
Lou planned to wait until the weekend to watch a game on his DVR. He avoided conversation at work so he wouldn't hear the score. He was careful to keep the volume down during the sportscast. When the weekend arrived, he sat down to watch the game. Then he glanced at the newspaper with a headline shouting the score.

Fight at whataburger.
At high school I use to go out every lunch. We were allowed to leave campus and I decided whataburger. I went to whataburger and notice our rival school was there. They started making fun of us and one thing led to another. Eventually a fight started.

Annabelle
Annabelle was a sweet girl who loved to draw. She drew on everything, from walls to paper! One day someone told her she should enter an art contest. She worked and worked and drew the best picture she ever had. Soon all her hard work paid off and she won the art show!

Touchdown Gone Wrong
Benny threw the ball several yards in the air. Greg tried to run towards the ball to catch it. He ended up receiving the ball in the endzone. However, he couldn't control his running. The staff on the sidelines had to move away since he ran towards them.

Kindergarten
It was Rachel's first day of kindergarten. Her mom went to drop her off at the school. However, Rachel did not want her to leave. She held on to her mom and cried. Eventually, the teacher was able to coax Rachel away from her mom.

Fiance
Ulee was engaged for two years. Her fiance would not set a wedding date. She became good friends with another man. She realized she didn't love her fiance. She broke things off and got together with him.

Psychology quiz
Susie had a psychology quiz. She studied long and hard but was still nervous. When Susie went to take it, she realized it was not that bad. She gulped a little though because she was nervous about the grade. Thankfully she got an A.

wisdom teeth
Jerry had to get his wisdom teeth removed. It started to hurt really badly for him. He went to the dentist. He got anesthetized. He got it removed and he did not feel a thing.

Knockout Gas
Jimmy farted in class. Everyone started to notice the smell. Many decided to run out of the classroom since the smell was bad. The professor tried to get everyone back. Eventually, the smell went away.

Momma's Lap
Ally loved to sit in her mama's lap. Momma always made her feel safe. Momma would hold her tight and sing. Ally would go to sleep. Ally would wake on momma's lap.

The College Admission
Yvonne was applying to colleges. She really wanted to get into her dream college. However, months went by and she did not hear back from them. Yvonne decided to call them. She was relieved when she learned the acceptance letter got lost.

Poster Girl
Sue wanted to be class president more than anything. She put a lot of energy into making campaign posters. When she was putting up the posters, she heard someone snickering. Sue saw a group of kids mocking her carefully made posters. After school, Sue took down her posters and stuffed them in the trash.

Long Wait
Ray was found guilty of murder and sentenced to 20 years in jail. Ray spent his time carving at his wall to make an escape tunnel. Three years into his sentence he was able to escape. The guards did not realize he was gone until the next day. Ray didn't stop running until he was 100 miles away from the jail.

Lynn's Day Off
Lynn had the day off from work. She woke up at 6am. Lynn couldn't fall back asleep. She decided to clean the whole house. Lynn's house was spotless by noon.

Lizard Prank
I brought a lizard home from the school lab. I slipped into my brother's bed just before bedtime. My brother crawled into bed and told me to get out and hit the light. I turned out the light and waited outside his door. I heard screams like I had never heard before!

The Fraud
At Jo's church, a collection plate was passed every week. Jo wanted to spend her money on fun things instead of giving it away. She put a penny in an envelope for the collection plate. As she laid it in the plate, an old couple smiled widely at Jo. Jo smiled back but felt like a fraud.

Strict Substitute
When the substitute walked into the class, she looked at us. She never bothered to say hi and asked us to take out our homework. She took it and decided to give us a packet. We didn't complete it since it covered material that we didn't cover. She ended up holding the class until all of us finished it.

Shopping
I went to the store for milk. The milk was all the way in the back of the store. I had to walk for ten minutes to get there. When I got to the back I picked up eggs. I forgot to buy milk.

Change of Plans
Jim invited his friends to his house on Friday. When Friday arrived, Jim totally forgot about his plans. However, he decided to go out to eat. His friends called him since they couldn't get into the house. Jim ignored the messages since he totally forgot about his plans.

Accepted
Amber wanted to go to college. She was graduating soon. She did not take high school serious. Her grades were terrible. She knew she would not be accepted to a good college.

Chinese Food
Matt wanted to get Chinese food. He got into his car and starting driving. When he arrived, he found it was closed. He decided to go get pizza instead. He was very satisfied with his decision.

Heavy Headgear
The king became tired of wearing his crown around all the time. He hired a servant to carry it behind him. The servant tried to wear it himself but the king stopped him. As a punishment the servant had to wear a dunce cap. The servant was shamed and plotted his revenge.

Holy Hose
Karl was watering the flowers with a hose. Suddenly there was hole in hose. Karl tried to put his foot on the hole to continue watering. He tried that several times, but it just got him wet and angry. Karl learned the lesson that day that Duck Tape fixes anything!

Nose
Orion was self-conscious about his nose. His friend Doug had taunted him for having a large nose. Orion wanted to get back at Doug somehow. He told Doug that Doug's nose was too small. Doug stormed off, embarrassed.

Lifting More Weight
Bob always exercised in order to stay healthy. His favorite exercises were the dumbbells. He could lift a lot of weight using the dumbbells. One day he tried to lift ten pounds more than usual. He tried hard to lift the extra ten pounds, but could only lift five.

The Pillow
Today I got a brand new designer pillow. The pillow was very expensive because of the materials used. The pillow felt really cool to the touch and did not get hot. I am going to use the pillow tonight. I hope the pillow helps me sleep better.

Hope
Jay wanted Hope to be his prom date. But Hope was popular and Jay was not. He thought for sure she would refuse to go with him. He steeled himself and asked her anyways. And to his shock, she agreed!

Henry's New Business
Henry started walking his neighbor's dog twice a day. His other neighbors saw him walking the dog. They all asked if he could walk their dogs too. He obliged and now walks three to four dogs, twice a day. Henry has never been happier to get paid for walking happy dogs.

Sarah Does The Laundry
Sarah was doing her laundry. She was about to put her clothes into the washing machine. Suddenly, her laundry hamper ripped wide open. All her clothes fell on the ground. Sarah had to pick up her clothes from the ground afterwards.

Lost Phone
I was about to leave for work. Then, I realized I had lost my phone. I searched for ten minutes and was late for work. I finally found it! Alas, I picked it up and then dropped it and cracked the screen.

Putting away groceries.
Dustin bought some groceries. He brought them home and put them inside. First he put away all of the fridge items. Next, he put away the frozen food. Finally, he put away the pantry items.

Unmailed
A girl at school asked Jan if she would do a favor. Jan said okay just to get the girl to stop bugging her. The girl gave Jan a stack of stamped envelopes to mail. Although Jan lived by the post office, she never mailed them. Every day, the girl told Jan she hoped she'd get a reply soon.

Christmas
Tim wanted to get Christmas presents for the whole family. But Tim was very broke! He did not know what to do. Tim drew cool drawings for his family. They loved the drawings more than anything they had gotten!

Moving Into a New House
Greg was moving to a new home. He had to spend the entire morning packing up his things. Once it was packed, he put it in a truck and drove it away. At his new house, he unloaded all of the boxes. Finally, he set up all of his things in his new home.

Greg Raposo
Greg was releasing his first album as a solo artist. He planned a huge CD release party concert. The concert was sold out within an hour. The venue asked Greg if they could add a second concert. Greg and the venue worked so hard for both concerts.

Passport
Pat went to Canada on a fishing trip. He had a great time and caught many fish. Pat tried to go home, but couldn't get back across the border. He didn't have a passport and wasn't allowed back in. Pat had to go through a mess of legal work to go home.

Waiting for Parents
For Gina it was yet another day at her grandma's house. She couldn't go back home until her parents were ready. They seemed to be taking the time. It felt urgent to Gina. But apparently she was the only one.

shots
Howard knew he was going to go drinking. He went to a store and bought some shot glasses. He needed to be able to count how much he drinks. He got drunk and lost count. In the end, it did not matter if he bought the glasses.

Hiding Hyenas
We were crossing the plains and following the wildebeest migration. Ours was the only truck we could see in all directions. After stopping to take pictures, the truck would not start. Our driver got out to fix it and scared a herd of hyenas in the grass. The driver fixed the truck and continued on to our lodge.

Tent Troubles
Lil and Frank bought a new tent for their camping adventure. They got to their campsite as it was nearing dark. They couldn't figure out how to get the tent up. They had to sleep out in the open that night. They were able to erect the tent in the morning.

Cleaning with Depression
Peter suffered from severe depression, sometimes too bad to get up. As a result, Peter had a very hard time keeping his apartment clean. Even when he managed to get started, he lost energy half way through. But finally he found instructions written just for depressed people. The list broke up tasks and gave instructions that were very helpful.

Paper Airplanes
My school was hosting a paper airplane contest. I decided to take part in the contest. I researched paper airplanes. I designed a paper airplane. I won the contest!

May's Margaritas
May was the best drink mixer she knew. She wanted to get into the bar business. However, she didn't have enough money to buy her own building. She worked as a margarita mixer at a rival bar to earn money. She decided she love it so much that she just ended up staying.

Bamboo Floors
My wife and I decided to put new floors in our home. We decided on using bamboo as our flooring material. I decided that my wife and I should do the installation ourselves. It took two weeks but we finally installed it ourselves. We love our new floor and can't wait for another project.

Tense All Day
Hank was feeling tense all day. He could not take the pain anymore. He drove to a massage parlor. Hank asked for a two hour massage. Afterwards he felt much better.

New pizza place
Kelly wanted to try the new pizza place down the street. As she went inside, she was impressed. They had everything under the sun. Kelly ordered every topping. She couldn't wait to go back.

Cold Winter
It was a severely cold Winter this year. I had a bunch of glassware sitting on a table outside. It was too cold to go outside and retrieve it. It was below freezing temperatures on one night. I looked to see that all the glassware had shattered from the cold.

Volunteering
Dennis was always searching for his goal in life. He bounced from job to job, and was never happy. He could never hold down a steady relationship. On a whim, Dennis applied and was accepted to the Peace Corps. Soon after, he shipped out and felt he finally found his purpose.

Burglary
Everyone in the house was asleep. The house alarm went off. My dad decided to go downstairs. When he looked around, he saw a broken window. The thief was on the road, running away.

Maria's first apartment
Maria was finally ready to move out on her own. But she wasn't ready to go too far from her parents. She drove around her neighborhood and called about places for rent. She found a nice affordable apartment and moved in. Maria settled in well and adopted a kitten for her new place.

Speech Gone Wrong
Diana decided to give her speech out loud. When she was talking, a fly flew into her mouth. She ended up choking on the fly. I immediately ran to help remove the fly. She ended up swallowing it.

Muddy Kids
My kids wanted to go play outside. I let them go play without my supervision. They returned covered in mud. I scolded and grounded them. I realized that they weren't mature enough to play outside without me.

Gary's New Bed
Gary's mattress gave him many aches and pains. Gary decided to get a new mattress. He went to the mattress superstore. The mattresses were very expensive and Gary couldn't afford them. Gary was forced to sleep with his old mattress.

Obsessive Sam
Clare invited Sam to her house to work on a school project. Sam was nervous but was required to help Clare. He was proud to arrive precisely on time. However, he deliberately worked slowly to stay with Sara longer. Before leaving, Sam picked up a strand of Sarah's hair to keep.

The cancelled cruise.
Jessie was about to go on a cruise with her husband. They were at the hotel near the dock the night before the cruise. Overnight, a huge storm rolled in. The storm was so bad that the cruise had to be cancelled. Jessie got her money back and they went camping instead.

Nina's good deed
Nina wanted to give back to her community. She had a lot of nice clothes that she didn't wear anymore. She researched and found a church to take her old clothes to. When she dropped off the bags, she inquired about volunteering. Nina began helping to cook meals for people in her community.

Getting fit
Tim was trying to get fit. He decided to run everyday. It was very hard. He wanted to quit. He decided to keep at it until he was fit.

Zero
Henry was in a new middle school this year. He had not gotten the hang of scheduling out his work. Henry had a project that was due at the end of the quarter. He procrastinated until the last minute and did not even start on it. He did not turn in the project and got a zero for the grade.

Party town
There was a man named Josue. He wanted to go to a partay. He asked all his friends. They didn't know of any. So he held his own party.

The First Job
Larry was looking to get a car. In order to do that he would need a source of income. He decided to look for a job. He never worked one before, and so this was a new experience. He ended up being hired at FedEx.

Family Love
Carla's youngest child, Faith, was sick with the flu. The family had been planning a trip to the zoo but Faith couldn't go. Carla said that she would take her other children anyway. She was very pleased that they opted to wait until Faith was well. Faith was too little to understand, but her siblings really loved her.

The Nutty Surprise
Donald wanted to give his daughter a special surprise. He bought her a beautiful gold locket just to her taste. He put it inside of an emptied walnut shell. He glued the shell back together so that it looked normal. When she cracked open the shell, she was shocked and delighted!

Water
John was working at the office. He suddenly realized he has not had water in a long time. He got up to go to the watercooler. He filled his cup with water. He drank the water.

Finding my new house
I needed a new place to live. I looked on Craigslist everyday. One day a house was listed. I called the landlord. I am renting the house.

Kerry
Kerry always spread rumors about other people. Her friends began to get angry about it. One day they spread a rumor that Kerry had lice. This upset Kerry to the point of crying. Kerry learned her lesson about spreading gossip.

Dirty Hands
Eric entered a small restaurant. And he entered the bathroom after he ordered his food. He saw an employee leave without washing his hands. But Eric was too sacred to say anything. When his food arrived, he barely ate any of it.

Bored Giraffes
Joe was excited to go to the zoo. He wanted to see his favorite animal, the giraffe. He quickly walked towards a small enclosed area with giraffes. But he was disappointed at how bored and sad they looked. Joe was too upset to see the rest of the zoo.

The Bike
I once had a green bicycle. I was a very nice bike. I couldn't let anyone ride it though, even if I'd liked. It made everyone sad that they couldn't ride my bike. Eventually i got a new bike so  that people could ride it.

Road Rage
Cathy was driving home from work when she started to get angry. Every car in her lane was going at a snail's pace. She had to get home to pack and get to the airport. She finally started speeding up and passing people. Her road rage had set in.

Going for a Walk
Mike did not really want to go for a walk with his wife. She told him he needed to get into shape, so he went with her. They walked together and Mike found it was nice outside. He also liked getting to talk to with her. Now they walk together every day!

Paradise Awaits
I always wanted to go to Saint Croix. For our 25th wedding anniversary, my husband and I went there. We loved the beauty of the land and sea. It is so beautiful there. Now we have decided we are going to move there!

Sam Runs a Restaurant
Sam really wanted to start a restaurant. He saved up money from his current job. He was able to get a nice location in the downtown area of his city. His restaurant became an overnight success. Sam eventually quit his job to run his restaurant business.

Going Away
Today was her last day in town. She put everything she had in her car. She didn't know where she was going but she was not scared. She had plenty of money saved up so she'd be fine for a while. She started the car and drove away.

Baby delivery
Kim was pregnant and about to deliver her baby. She got her family together into a birthing suite. All the sudden Kim felt more contractions. The nurses came and helped her deliver. The pain was worth it because of the treasure at the end.

Jerry's Shoes
Jerry's mother told him to always put his shoes away. Jerry did not always listen. When it was time to get dressed he could not find his shoes. He looked all over the house while they got later and later. Jerry's mother found his shoes in the shower.

The Drawer
Jay had to leave his house and looked for his keys. He remembered that he left them in a kitchen drawer. Jeff opened all the drawer to look for them. In the last drawer he found his keys. Jeff cleaned up the mess and left.

The Speech
I was asked to give a public address to a sizable crowd. I hadn't done much of this and felt very nervous. I decided that starting with a joke might help ease the tension. I began my speech with a zinger of a joke. Everyone chuckled, making me feel like I could own this moment!

Kelsey lost forty pounds.
Kelsey was feeling very ashamed of her body. She set a goal to lose forty pounds. She decided on a strict diet that she would follow. She adhered to her diet and she lost forty pounds. Kelsey was now very proud of her body.

The Babysitter
Wendy's mother and father wanted to go on a date. They hired a babysitter. The babysitter played games with Wendy. They had a lot of fun. When Wendy's parents came home, she was fast asleep.

Thrifty Style
Nancy was short on money all of time. She however loved to shop for clothes a lot. Nancy would set a ten dollar budget for shopping. She would go to thrift stores to find her clothes. Nancy was always in style.

Unplugged
Cheryl's nose was always plugged up. Cheryl decided to visit an allergy doctor. The doctor diagnosed Cheryl with mild rhinitis. She gave Cheryl a nasal spray to use regularly. After only a few days, Cheryl could breathe much better.

Bad luck
The Bradley family looked forward to going to the beach all summer. The day finally came where they could take the family trip. They packed their bags and drove a long way to the beach. They were anxious to get there. the Bradley family were saddened to arrive and find the beach closed.

Calais
Neil was on a backpacking trip through Europe. He wanted to go from England to France. He was in Dover, England, so he made a plan. He booked tickets on the Chunnel to Calais, France. Soon he had entered the country of France!

Shadow
Fabey was taking a walk outside with her mom. She saw her shadow on the ground. Although she's confused, she became scared of it. It chased her as she tried to run. Her mom had to pick her up to remove the shadow.

Hot Stuff
John wanted to impress his friends who were eating spicy food. He asked the waiter to bring the hottest sauce they could make. The waiter brought a cup of sauce with fumes above it. John downed the cup of hot sauce in one big gulp. Soon, tears were streaming down his cheeks and his pals were laughing.

First Steps
Elizabeth couldn't wait for her son Sam to take his first steps. She was determined to capture the moment on camera. She wanted to make sure she remembered it perfectly forever. But when Sam finally took his first steps, the camera wasn't charged. Elizabeth didn't mind that much - she knew she'd remember anyway.

Lost in the city
Becky and her friend went to the city. When they got there they had no idea how to get around. They tried asking for help. Yet no one would help them. It took them an hour to find their destination.

Pregnant
Martha and Howard wanted to have a child. Their first stop was the doctor to get tests done. The doctor told them they should be able to conceive. Martha and Howard tried to get pregnant for months. Then one day they finally got the news that they were pregnant.

Sick Day
Sean woke up one morning feeling very sick. He knew he should stay home, but he didn't want to miss school. As soon as Sean got to school he vomited everywhere. All of his friends saw and he was very embarrassed. Sean really regretted not staying home that day.

Glasses
Turner needed to get glasses. He had been unable to see the board in class. He feared that everyone would make fun of him. The glasses made him look erudite and debonair. Turner came to love his lenses.

job
Fred wanted to get a new job He keeps applying but no one gets back to him. He gives up. He started going online to make money. Its working well for him

Larry Watches A Game
Larry wants to see his college's basketball team before he graduates. Although the team is very popular, Larry never made time to see them. He and a friend get tickets to see the team play against their rival. At the end of the exciting game, Larry's college team wins. He's happy that he finally got to see them play.

New headphones
Last week I was on the search for the perfect set of headphones. My earbuds were broken so I needed some sturdy headphones. I searched everywhere for the perfect pair but couldn't find any. Luckily I stopped at Best Buy. Thankfully there I found the best pair.

The magic trick
Wanda's son brought his toy magic set to his mother. He put a metal ball into a small cup. The boy covered the cup and tapped it with his wand. When he uncovered the cup, the metal ball was nowhere to be seen! Wanda applauded her son loudly.

The Ocean
I put on my swimming trunks. I went to my car outside. I drove to the nearest beach. I went into the water. I swam until I was tired.

Tina's Toy Store
Tina wanted to do something for the kids in her neighborhood. She saw that they had nothing to do. Tina decided to get her friends together to make toys for them. After they stockpiled the toys, they opened a store. Now all the kids have toys to play with!

Tourists in Paris
Tiffany's family went on a vacation to Paris. It was hard to get used to the changes at first. Although they were tired, they did some sightseeing. It was amazing to see the Eiffel Tower in person. Overall, their family trip was a success.

This Is Really The One
Tory purchased the most perfect pearl earrings. She adored the way they set off the blush in her cheeks. But shiny things fade quickly. She decided she needed crystal earrings instead. She was sure she wouldn't be disappointed again.

Tooth fairy surprise
Katarina lost her first tooth yesterday. She cupped it in her hand and put it under her pillow. She she awoke the next morning she found twenty dollars. Katarina was so happy. She immediately put the money in her piggy bank.

The Birthday Party
Jenn's boyfriend was turning 30 and wanted to throw him a party. She called his friends and family and told them about her plans. Everyone came together and they rented a hall for the party. No one told Jenny's boyfriend and he was surprised on his birthday. He said it was the most fun he's had in a long time.

Chair Backs
Emily is one of the managers for football games and the university. She takes care of 25 people who volunteer for their specific groups. She arrives 3 1/2 hours early to get money arranged for each group. Once her group arrives, she hands out the money and lines them up. Most of her group is adults but there are also students that help.

Stars
I needed to buy my brother a present. I decided to get him a telescope. I tried the telescope to make sure it worked. The night sky and stars looked beautiful through the telescope. I liked the telescope so much that I kept it for myself.

Nurse
Melinda wanted to be a nurse in her future. She decided to get very good grades in school. She applied to nursing schools and got accepted! In college, she worked hard and passed all of her exams. Melinda thinks she will easily make the progress needed to be a nurse.

Oops.
A man set up a hummingbird feeder in his yard. He watched it for months, but never saw a hummingbird use it. He grew sad, and decided to take the feeder down. When he did, though, he made a discovery. He'd never actually put any sugar water in it.

The Firecracker
One Fourth of July, two boys were shooting firecrackers. They put the firecrackers on a bench to shoot them into the air. When the firecracker went into the air, it knocked over the bench. When the bench fell, it made the firecracker go towards the boys! After that, they never put firecrackers on a bench again.

No Nap
Dev does not want to take a nap. She took a nap earlier. Now she wants to play outside. Too bad it's snowing. I guess we'll all have to watch television.

Donkey
We had a neighbor who liked projects. One day he tried to make a papier mache donkey. He had the children get newspapers. He pasted the newspapers onto a frame. The management made him throw it away.

The stuck boat.
John was on his boat going through some narrow canyons. Suddenly, his boat became lodged in the rock. He couldn't move the boat himself. Luckily, another boat stumbled upon him quickly. They helped free his boat and he went on his way.

Spring
It was the first day of Spring in Minnesota. Amy was happy to see the sun after the long cold winter. She decided she would visit a park to enjoy the weather. While at the park it began to rain hard. Amy was soaked and regretted not bringing an umbrella.

Cleaning the Room
I was expecting guests over. The living room was quite dirty. To get ready, I first vacuumed the rug. Then, I wiped down the tables. The room was now clean and ready for guests.

Popcorn
I took my family to the movies. All my kids had to go to the bathroom so I went to get snacks alone. By the time I finished ordering the counter was full of popcorn. I had no clue how to get it into the the theater. Luckily the ticket taker helped me or I would have spilled everywhere.

Injection
Little Bobby was afraid to go to the doctor. He knew he was due to get an injection. Bobby plead and argued with his mom not to go. Helpless against her wishes, Bobby went to the doctor. After getting the shot, Bobby realized it just wasn't all that bad!

Bike
Tom was an avid cyclist. He wanted to take a long road trip with his bike. He packed his bags and began riding. He had fun exploring the state. He had a unique and wonderful experience while cycling the state.

Cat
I bought a cat. The cat was mean to me. I decided to give up the cat for adoption. But, I realized I loved the cat. I decided to keep the cat even though it was mean.

Sunny Day
Lucy was lying in the yard on a sunny day. Her grandmother warned her not to fall asleep in the sun. Lucy hadn't intended to, but she fell asleep. She awoke to her grandmother calling her to lunch. Her shoulders, and arms were bright red from the sun.

Baker
Cat wanted to give her mom a wonderful birthday present. She wanted to show her mom how appreciative she was. But Cat had no money to buy anything nice or fancy! Then she decided to bake and decorate a complicated cake. Cat's mom was so happy with the cake, she nearly cried!

Lois
Lois took the secretary out to dinner. She hadn't ever known the reporter to be so generous, before. Lois told her to get anything she wanted. The secretary didn't remember leaking any information. She was as surprised as everyone to read about it the next day.

Brian's Hunting Dilemma
Brian had to work on the first day of deer season. He really wanted to go hunting instead. Brian called in sick the night before. His boss found out that Brian went hunting. Brian was suspended the next day.

Nauseous
Sam tried to take out his food in the kitchen. His mom placed a spoon filled with spinach on his plate. He tried to eat however, it was disgusting to him. His parents forced him to eat it. As a result, he ended up vomiting after he took the last bite.

Nasty Burgers.
My dad is cooking burgers for us during 4th of July. I was excited and couldn't wait because my dad makes the best burgers. The burgers smelled great and my stomach was growling. When the burgers were finished, I knew something was wrong right away. The burgers were burnt and looked tainted.

Paycheck
My boss kept forgetting to bring me my paycheck. I was almost out of money. I called him to tell him I needed it. He finally brought it to me. Unfortunately, the bank was closed, so I had to wait to cash it.

Cookie Time!
Karen's children wanted to bake some chocolate chip cookies. Karen checked and saw that they were out of chocolate chips. She put the children in the car and went to buy chocolate chips. They returned home and mixed up the cookie dough. The dough went into the oven and then they had delicious cookies!

Reunion
Lily hadn't seen her father since she was young. She reached out to him and set up a meeting. She was very nervous, but also a bit excited. She met her dad at a local restaurant. Lily and her dad spent hours catching up and had a great time.

Fishing Trip
Jeremy wanted to go fishing, but he did not own rods. His friend Michael owned several fishing rods. Jeremy called Michael and asked if he wanted to fish. Michael accepted Jeremy's offer to go fishing. Both of them had a great time at the lake fishing.

First Trip to Sprinkles Cupcakes
Lulu could not wait to walk into Sprinkles for the first time. The cupcakes all looked delicious to her and she could not decide. The lemon blueberry and cinnamon sugar looked the most yummy. Lulu finally decided on the cinnamon sugar and took a massive bite. The taste was absolutely heaven to her.

Bookstore
I used to run an online bookstore. I began amassing books given away by the Newton Public Library. I also got books from a used book dealer. Eventually I had 3,000 books stored in a warehouse. I sold books until a stroke in 2011 forced me to retire.

Walking
Tom owned a dog. He needed to exercise the dog daily. The dog's body was made to run daily. Tom could not run. Tom let the dog run free of the leash.

Unexpected Gift
Jane drove home from work. She was a bit later to arrive home than usual. There was a mysterious package sitting outside her door. She brought it inside her apartment. The package was a gift from her parents for her belated birthday.

Grocery Shopping
Fred and Sarah need groceries for their apartment. They put on their boots and begin walking to the grocery store. The store is packed with other customers! Discouraged they decide to go home. They order a pizza instead.

Barking Dog
The neighbors next door were having a barbeque. They invited us over and asked us to bring an item. I decided to bring rolls. Everyone ate my rolls at the barbeque. Everyone got food poisoning from my rolls.

The Block Party
There was a buzz around the whole neighborhood. Tents were being set up in the street. People started trickling in. The music began and so did the party. Everyone had such a great time at the block party.

Loud Roommates
I was so excited to get out of the house on my own. I moved in with my best friends. They throw parties all the time and I don't get enough sleep. I am regretting moving out of the house. My parents were never this loud and annoying.

Picture Day
Jack was looking forward to the day when they took pictures at school. He couldn't wait to show his mother the pictures. Jack walked into a swing and got hit in the face. On picture day, Jack had two black eyes and a bruised nose. His mother loved the pictures anyway.

Wheelie Time
Kevin's friend Tom could ride a wheelie on his bike for a long time. Kevin wished he could ride as well. He decided to practice riding a wheelie until he learned it. He finally learned. Kevin and Tom can now ride a wheelie for a long time together.

Frankly Impressive
Frank had always struggled with his bowling technique. No matter how many hours he spent he could never get it right. One day his coach invited him to practice over night. Working long hours together they finally got it right. His bowling technique corrected and perfect the following night.

Misplace Keys
Paul needed to leave for work now or he would be late. But he couldn't find his car keys. Eventually he called a friend to drive him to work. That night he went to get something out of the refrigerator. He had accidentally left his keys in there!

Football
In the fourth quarter, Zach dropped back to pass the ball. He got hit really low by a defender. He was hurt, and got carted off of the field. With 20 seconds left, Zach's team was down by 4 points. Zach came back in, called a play, and threw the game winning touchdown

Dan gets rejected
Dan had like Mary for the 7 years, ever since they were neighbors. He had wanted to tell her how he felt many times. Finally, he decided to just go for it. He approached Mary and poured his heart out. Mary was disgusted and told Dan to never talk to her again.

Lost sleep
Beth saw a lizard run into her home. She couldn't get comfortable knowing it was in the house. Beth dreaded going to sleep with the lizard in the house. She sat up watching TV and looking for the lizard. Finally she could stand no more and went to sleep.

The playground fall.
Kara was babysitting her cousin. She decided to take her to the park. There, she spun her on the spinning toy. Suddenly, her cousin fell and her forehead started bleeding. Kara carried her quickly back home to get help.

Accidents on Purpose
Sandra saw that Paula was sad. She decided to tie the laces from both of her shoes. She tried to walk afterwards and fell. Paula was laughing at her. Sandra admitted to her that she was trying to make a laugh.

Jackpot
Liz and Bill had been in Vegas for the weekend. They were down to their last dollar. Liz put it into a slot machine. It started to ding and chime. She had won the $50,000 jackpot!

Photographing Mike Tyson
Robert is a very talented entrepreneur. He owns a clothing line and shoots videos. But he doesn't take good pictures. He called a Facebook friend who shot awesome pictures. Robert gave him a job and his 1st assignment was shooting Mike Tyson.

The Delivery
A massive freighter was carrying a deliver from across the sea. At the dock, some men were waiting on the delivery. Slowly the freighter pulled up to the dock and dropped anchor. Cranes began to lift giant metal crates off the ship. One by one, the giant crates were brought to shore.

The hiking prank.
Fred was on a hike with his family. He kept teasing his child. He pretended that he was going to throw them off a cliff. The child began to cry. Fred's wife got angry and Fred apologized.

Chinese New Year
It is customary to give out red envelopes to kids on Chinese New Year. This year I put $5 in a red envelope. I brought it to my neighbor's son Henry,  who is 4. I gave Henry the envelope, plus some candy. Henry's mom gave me a thank you note in return.

Donating Hair
Jane had long hair. She almost never cut it. One day she decided to get rid of it. She cut it and donated it all. There was a lot of hair for cancer patients.

Family Picture
Greta wanted a family picture with all her grandchildren. She worked for months to get a day that all her family together. Finally the day arrived and the family gathered at the photographers. The photographer got the family in position and took the picture. Greta was happy to finally have a family picture.

Off by an inch
A school teacher bought 100 new rulers for her class. When they arrived she noticed they were slightly off. She took out her set of calipers and measured them all. She concluded that they were all an inch too long. She reboxed them and sent them all back.

Waiting for Help
Lucy chose a fabric at the fabric store to make a tote. She didn't realize she had to wait to have it cut. She took a number and waited. There were 14 people ahead of her. She wanted the fabric badly so she decided to wait.

Grandma
Kassie loved visiting her Grandma. She would go to see her every weekend and they would do puzzles. Kassie could spend hours doing puzzles with her Grandma. Her Grandma looked forward to the visits from Kassie. Kassie and her Grandma had the best days together.

The  sickness
One day I woke up feeling kind of ill. I began to throw up so I went back to bed. I took some medicine and fell asleep. When I woke back up I felt much better. Later I heard that I missed a tough day of school.

Weekend getaway
Travis and Virginia wanted to get away for a weekend. Travis thought that it wouldn't be possible. Virginia surprised Travis with tickets to comic-con for his birthday. Travis was so happy. They had a great time on their weekend getaway.

Leaving
Neil was backpacking Europe. He had been enjoying Paris very much. But he knew it was time to move on. He booked his train ticket south. He was excited for the next phase of his trip!

Mike's Quest
Mike loved to pretend he was on an adventure. One day his mom sent him to get a gallon of milk from the store. He rode on his bike like a magnificent steed to the store. He pillaged the freezer aisle for a gallon of milk. He rode back home and completed his small quest!

First Time Grilling
Benny offered the chance to grill for tonight's party. While coming, he decided to bring several meats and vegetables. He placed a few chicken legs on the grill. Although he wasn't aware, he placed the grill on a high setting. The food ended up burning from the high heat.

China
Neil took a flight into China. He checked into his hotel and then set out to sightsee. He tried real Chinese food, and he loved it! He also loved the Chinese art museum he visited. He wished he could explore China forever!

Child Being Demanding
The mom told her child to stop talking. The child looked at her mom and gave her a silly face. He also decided to run away. The mom grabbed him and gave him a beating. The child ended up hitting her back.

The Chocolate Cheesecake
Kimmy loved to bake. Today she was trying a new recipe for a party: chocolate cheesecake! She carefully followed all the instructions and put it in the oven. It cracked just a tiny bit, so she covered it with raspberries. No one ever knew, and everyone said it was delicious!

Restless Tom
Tom was really restless. He wanted to tire himself out. He decided to go on a run. He ran across the park. When he finished running, he immediately fell asleep at home.

Driving Test
The instructor told me to put on my seatbelt. As nervous as I was, I tried to remain calm when reversing the car. I drove across several areas. In addition, I demonstrated several ways to park. Although the instructor gave me negative comments, I passed the exam.

good deed
Sara was on her way home one evening. Crossing Main Street, she saw an old woman fall in the road. Sara rushed over to the woman. Then she helped her up and safely home. Sara felt wonderful about her good deed.

Bowling Party
We always go bowling for birthday parties. It's my friend's birthday this week. So, I'm digging out my bowling ball. I'm cleaning it. I want to throw several strikes.

Jewelry
Ellen had three very best girlfriends. She wanted to give each of them a lovely bracelet for Christmas. But she didn't have the money for such extravagance. Then she decided to knit the bracelets herself. Her friends were all so happy with their thoughtful new jewelry!

Coming or Going?
We were lost in the middle of a new city. We asked a stranger how to get to the town hall. He said to take the 720 bus. We boarded the bus, and rode on it half an hour. That's when we realized we were going the wrong way.

Chasing Squirrels
Abby, a large golden retriever dog, loved to run in her backyard. She especially loved chasing after the the squirrels in the yard. The squirrels would tease her by running on top of the fence. They would jump from the fence right onto a tree. Abby never caught a squirrel but she sure enjoyed trying to!

Bedtime Trick
Joan's little boy wouldn't stay in his room at night. Joan told him to stay put, but he said he might fall out of bed. She told him he could come in her room if he fell out of bed. Joan walked a few steps from his room. She heard a thunk and the sound of fake crying.

Eruption
The Ducks played their championship basketball game today. Their star player was out with an injury. The coach decided to put in the team's least active player. He erupted for 50 points. Everyone cheered and he won the MVP.

Interruption
My math teacher was going over the homework assignment. My phone immediately started to ring. Since my pockets were tight, it was hard to get them out. The teacher got furious and told me to get out of the class. After walking out, I was able to get the phone.

Leaves Fall all Fall
Chuck decided to rake the leaves in his yard. He worked long on that cool fall day. He collected the last of the leaves in a bag. It was then that a big wind blew through the tree branches. Chuck sighed as a carpet of leaves settled on his lawn.

Max
Janie had a dog named Max. Max was a very needy dog who never liked to be left alone. Every day when Janie went to work, Max would get very sad. Max would sit by the door all day long until Janie got home. When she finally got home, Max the needy dog would be happy again.

Dirty Car
Tom noticed that his windshield was covered with bird poop. He parked his car under a tree filled with birds. He took his car to the car wash to get it washed. He also waxed his car for added protection. His car was sparkly clean and shiny afterwards.

Rainy Day
Bobby was excited for the weekend. His father had promised to take him to the zoo. Unfortunately it started raining Saturday morning. Bobby's father took him to the zoo anyways. Bobby got to see the baby elephant splash in the rain puddles.

The baby x-ray.
Olivia's baby son needed an x-ray. To get a clear picture, they had to strap him down. Olivia felt so sad watching him cry. The nurses comforted her while they took the picture. As soon as he was done she gave him a big hug.

Long Snapper
Kal always wanted to play quarterback He just couldn't throw the ball overhead. He only knew how to toss it between his legs. His coach was impressed with how far he could snap the ball. Kal is now the long snapper of the Dallas Cowboys.

Curtains
Mel and Joe needed curtains for their new apartment. Mel and Joe didn't have money to buy any curtains. Mel searched the apartment for something to hang in the window. All she found was her pillow case. Mel decided to just go without a pillow case.

Hot Food
Ian decided to heat some of his food in the microwave. He tossed it inside and placed the timer for 3 minutes. After a minute, the whole entire container splashed all over the place He felt several burning sensations. Eventually, the pain went away after  by

Colton Went Out to Supper
Colton had no plans for the weekend. He thought he might clean his garage or his yard. Saturday arrived but he just could not get in gear. He called some friends and invited them out. His buddies all met at a local restaurant and had lots of fun.

Hair
Leo really wanted a haircut. But he just didn't have the extra cash to get one. Then his friend offered to cut Leo's hair for free. Leo decided to accept the offer. Soon he had a stylish, free haircut that he loved!

Mary's Walk
Mary decided to go for a walk. While walking, she tripped and fell. She broke her leg. A passing driver stopped to help Mary. The driver took her to the hospital to receive treatment.

The Fireflies
Jack and Diane decided to catch fireflies together. They both grabbed two jars and poked holes in the top. they placed hundreds of fireflies into the jars, creating lanterns. They ran around in the field, using the lanterns as flashlights. At the end of the night, they let the fireflies go.

The Surprise Album
Anthony is a huge Kendrick Lamar fan. He was sad because there wasn't a new Kendrick Lamar album. He surfed social media to pass time. He saw a post from Vibe Magazine, Kendrick releases surprise album. Now Anthony's life has new meaning.

Not Quite; Oh Well
Beatrice is almost as attractive as her sister. Devin prefers her sister, but wouldn't say no to Beatrice. Devin did everything he could to get noticed by her sister. Only Beatrice noticed, so Devin asked out Beatrice. Devin and Beatrice had a nice night together.

Left Behind
Danny's dad was taking trash to the dump. He decided to bring Danny with him. When they got to the dump, Danny got out of the car to tie his shoe. Not realizing this, Danny's dad accidentally left him there! It took him five minutes for him to realize and go back for Danny.

Going too Far
Faried was cramming for an exam tomorrow. He started to have a migraine but continued to work. Snot started to run down his nose and his body temperature increased. Next day, the teacher sent him to the nurse's office. The nurse told him that he has a fever.

Fishing Friends
Rick and John were best friends. The two liked to go on fishing trips together. This fishing trip was at a new place. The lake was much more crowded than they were used to. They decided to go to their usual spot from then on.

The foggy day.
Eric was supposed to walk to school. When he left the house he saw that it was very foggy. He couldn't even see two feet in front of him. He walked very cautiously so he wouldn't slip or fall. Soon enough, he made it to his school.

Dog Park
Lou has a large dog named Boo Boo. He decided to take BooBoo to a dog park. BooBoo was very frightened of the other dogs. Lou decided to take BooBoo home before anything bad happened. BooBoo stays at home now.

Old Phone New PHone
I went to get a new phone today at my phone service providers. I picked out a new one to upgrade to and traded in the old phone. After paying, I went out of the store with my new phone. I heard a huge noise as I got into my car in the parking lot. I looked down and my new phone was shattered on the ground.

Crystal Chandelier
Nancy walked into the party room. She stopped for a minute to gaze into the chandelier. She also decided to stay beneath it. After a few seconds, one piece of the chandelier broke. It eventually fell on Nancy's back.

Salad Daze
I wanted to eat a healthier salad. I put olive oil all over it. I added some hard-boiled eggs. I mixed in some blueberries. In the end, I couldn't finish the meal.

Ring Bearer
Brian was not looking forward to his role in his cousin's wedding. He had to carry a pillow with a ring on it. He figured he'd probably drop in. The day of the wedding he dressed up in his tuxedo. He managed to get the ring down the aisle without losing it!

The Hotel
Kim was visiting New York City. She wanted to stay in a nice hotel. She was disappointed her friend booked rooms at Extended Stay America. When they arrived she realized the hotel was near Central Park. Kim loved the Central Park view from her room.

Ballet class
Susie was excited for her first ballet class. She put on her tights, tutu, and shoes. She stood in line with the other girls and listened to the teacher. They learned first position and how to plie. Susie couldn't wait for next week's class.

Borrowed car
Sarah borrowed her mom's car. She used it to get some things done outside of the house. She lost track of time. She was very late returning the car to her mom. Her mom was very upset with her.

Married
Joe got married. Joe and his wife bought a new house. They began to get short on money. This caused them to argue a lot. They then remembered that they were in love and stopped fighting.

Life or Death Situation
Hannah was with me on the canoe. We were paddling north to get to the other side. When we reached the half-point, several alligators came after us. I decided to take my paddle and help Hannah move the canoe. We ended up separating from the alligator.

Out of Time
Amy wanted to finish her book. It was almost time to return it to the library. Amy decided to pretend to be sick to buy time. Her mother was skeptical of her illness. In the end her mother allowed her to stay home from school.

Baby Chick
John was visiting a farm where they had baby chicks. He cried until his mother agreed to get him one. He and his chick became fast friends. Even when she grew up and wasn't cute and fluffy anymore. This chicken lived a good long life at his house.

Walking the Dog
Molly was a dog that loved to go on walks. Karen liked to take her dog Molly on walks and see Molly happy. They would walk around the block every night after dinner. Molly and Karen both looked forward to these walks. Karen knew she would always remember this perfect time with Molly.

He has no choice
A child was curious about a dog house. His father told him not to get near. However, the child did and the dog went out. The dog barked at the child. The child ran away crying.

The Store
My sister and I used to walk to the corner store once a week. We would talk and laugh on our way to buy candy. It was something we both enjoyed and looked forward to. On a recent visit back home, I discovered the store had burned down. I lost a little bit of my childhood in that ash.

Video games
David asked Edmund if he would play videogames with him. Edmund accepted the offer. David had to wait a few minutes while the game updated. David's game updated. David was furious when Edmund started without him.

Visiting the Doctor
Ted was nervous to visit the doctor. He was worried he may need a shot. The doctor came in and gave him an exam. At the end, he told Ted he wouldn't need a shot. Ted left feeling relieved and happy!

The Rose
Stuart brought a rose to school to give to his crush, Elizabeth. They greeted each other in the hallway at school. Another boy appeared from behind Elizabeth. Elizabeth hugged the boy and introduced him as her boyfriend, Steve. Stuart greeted Steve and decided not to give Elizabeth the rose.

The Concert
Kelly's favorite band was coming to town. She bought tickets for the concert on Friday night. She went to the mall Friday morning to get a dress for the show. Kelly found the perfect blue dress and black shoes. She danced all night long in her new outfit.

Apple Farm
Jerry wanted to start an apple orchard. He decided to sell his belongings and move to Washington. He bought a piece of land. He began planting seeds. After a few years, the land turned into a prosperous apple orchard.

Overslept Again
Eric Set up three alarm clocks so he would get up for work. While Eric was trying to sleep his neighbor was throwing a party. The music from next door kept Eric awake for hours. When 6:00 am came all the alarms started going off. But Eric was too tired from the noise and he slept through them all.

The Book
I went to the library to find a book to read. The library was very crowded at the time. Since I hate crowds I wanted to get out as soon as I could. I pick a random book off the shelf to check out. The librarian told me I made the right choice.

France
I wanted to visit France. Specifically, I was interested in getting authentic French food. I took a trip to Paris. I found the food was not to my liking. I actually preferred the Americanized French food back home.

Cora
Cora went on a hunting trip with her father. But they couldn't catch anything! Soon they decided to give up and go swimming instead. Cora and her dad hiked from the woods down to the beach. There, they had a great time swimming together!

Dedication
Freddy was saving up to get a new car. He told his parents he wanted to earn it on his own. He shoveled snow, cleaned cars, did anything to make money. His parents loved his dedication and helped him out in the end. Freddy bought an Acura RSX for his first car.

No Patience
Tina borrowed my mom's car. She was on the way to her boyfriend's house. However, my mom needed to go somewhere and tried to call Tina. Tina didn't pick up. My mom decided to drive my car to go to Tina.

How They Broke Up
When Carlos saw Lisa, he thought she looked like Sade, the singer. Lisa quickly fell in love with Carlos. He convinced her to take some sexy pictures. Carlos sold the pictures to a man's magazine. Lisa got rich and famous and broke up with Carlos, he was so hurt.

Falling in the Handstand
I tried to learn how to hold a handstand. But, I kept falling. Then, my coach told me to do the handstand against the wall. She told me I had to learn how to hold the position before balancing. The wall worked great and taught me the technique I needed to master!

Hot Hike
My friend visited from Germany. It was extremely hot outside, but we decided to take a hike. The hike was only about 1 mile long, but it took forever. We almost didn't reach the top but pushed through. The view at the top was fantastic and was worth the trip.

Squirrel Vs. Fox
Becky went out for a walk on the Fox River Trail. She saw many people and animals. One little squirrel ran across the trail. Right behind the squirrel was a fox! Much to the dismay of the fox, the squirrel ran up a tree and was safe

Truck Driving
Marco likes to drive trucks. He got a job being a truck driver. He drives all over the United States hauling cement. He became very good at this and started his own business. Marco is now the boss and has a successful truck driving business.

Movie marathon
As Stacey was sick in bed she contemplated what to do. She found some movie marathons on tv and decided to give it a watch. She put on the channel and heated some popcorn. As she relaxed in bed, the hours flew by. At the end of the day Stacey watched six hours worth.

The New Baby
Alexis was an only child. One day, her mother had to go to the hospital. Alexis was a little afraid. Her mother was gone for a whole day. When she came home, she brought a brand new baby!

Driving
AJ is working to get a new car. His current car is totaled after an accident. He gets financing and a loan in order. He finds his perfect dream car. Now AJ drives a Ford Bronco.

The eggs
Bob had chickens at his farm. Everyday he would get the eggs. He would wash them with cold water. Next he would dry them. Bob took eggs to the market every Saturday.

Long Cut
Phil was hired by Pat to install drapes in his house. The drapes that Phil brought were too long. Pat said that the drapes will not do and to take them back. Phil cut the drapes with a pair of scissors to fix them. Pat looked them over again and said they were now fine.

The cat
Andy always fed his cat human food. His friends would tell him this was bad for the cat. Andy refused to listen to his friends until his cat go sick. He worried for his cat and was foolish for doing it. Now Andy only feeds his cat high quality cat food.

All the right moves
Raul was in charge of burying all the landmines near the base. He drew a map so he could remember where he put them. Carl asked Raul for the map because he wanted to go for a walk. Raul hated Carl so he gave him a false map. No one at base trusted Raul with the landmines after that.

Die Hard Fan
John is a die-hard Yankees fan. He even refuses to visit Boston because he hates the Red Sox so much. Last week, he had to go for a business trip. When he came back, he admitted that it was a beautiful city. He still hates the Red Sox, though.

Road Trip
Whitney was bored. She decided to get in her car and drive. She filled up the tank and headed south. She ended up in Florida. She had decided to go on more road trips.

Pictures
I was eating out with my family. They decided to take a picture to mark the occasion. I hate pictures. I decided to opt out. My family shouted at me and forced me to take the picture.

The cop call.
Tina was fighting with her mom. Things were starting to get very loud. For some reason, her mom decided to call the police. Tina was really upset, and explained the fight to the cop. The cop told them both not to waste his time and left.

The Zoo Trip
Fred's father had promised to take him to the zoo that day. But their car broke down on the way and made them late. They got there just as the zoo was closing its front gate. But the nice security guard let them slip in for the remaining hour. A relieved Fred ended up having a fun time at the zoo!

Practice Makes Bubble
Kelsea wanted to learn to blow a bubble like her mom. Her mom explained that it would take a lot of practice. Kelsea popped a piece of gum in her mouth. She struggled for a long while until she finally learned. Kelsea can now blow a giant bubble like her mother.

Energy Food
Lexi was feeling tired and sluggish lately. And she struggled to stay awake in class. So she decided to eat a spinach salad every day. After a week, Lexi felt happier and more energetic. And she never got tired of eating spinach.

Thanksgiving Dinner
John bought a turkey fryer for Thanksgiving dinner. He set it up on his deck and started cooking. Unfortunately, the oil overflowed and spilled onto the burner. The oil caught fire and soon the deck was burning too. Both the dinner and the deck were ruined that Thanksgiving.

Hot Suit
Jane worried that her son would catch cold playing outside. She bought him a puffy snowsuit to keep out the cold. She sent her son out to play, feeling like a good mom. When he came back inside, the zipper on the snowsuit was stuck. By the time he got the suit off, Jane's son was burning with fever.

Walk of Shame
In the morning, I drive down the same highway. On the side of the highway is a seedy motel. One morning, I saw the ultimate walk of shame. The woman was clutching a motel bed sheet around her naked body. She walked straight across the highway, barefoot, to the bus stop.

Secret Hoard
Jan tried to keep her hoarding a secret. When a co-worker provided a ride home, Jan didn't invite her in. One day, the co-worker came to Jan's door with a cake. She suggested they go inside and each have a bite. Jan grabbed the cake and quickly shut the door on her co-worker.

The Park
Jon wanted to go to the park. He asked his mother if he could go. She said no. He decided to sneak out. He took the bus to go to the park.

The Parrot
Polly bought a parrot at Petsmart. The parrot said many curse words it learned from the previous owner. Polly was in shock, and tried to return it. The parrot told her if she did, it would tell her husband. The parrot had been watching Polly have an affair in her bedroom.

Susan for Congress
Incensed at statewide corruption, Susan decided to run for office. She focused her platform on transparency and accountability. She quickly gained support within her party and among voters. The campaign was an exhausting effort, and the race was close. Her perseverance was rewarded, however, and she won the district seat.

Dinner Invitation
Jane was sad. She thought she wasn't invited to her friend's dinner party. She was too shy to bring it up. One day Jane's friend asked her why she looked sad. She explained she sent an invite that must have gotten lost.

Eric's Mistake
Eric wanted to wake up early to go fishing. He set his alarm for 5:00 am. He went to sleep. When he woke up, Eric was surprised to see that it was 8 o'clock. Eric realized that the volume on his alarm was muted.

Concert
Miles really wanted to go to the rock concert. His dad said he could go, on one condition. Miles had to earn the money for the ticket himself. Miles started selling papers and mowing lawns on the weekends. By concert time, he had earned enough to pay for his ticket!

The Game
Jim wants to take his son to a ball game. Jim buckels his son in the car. They drive to the game. Jim's favorite team wins. Jim and his son enjoy the memories for years.

The Big Test
Jane had to take a very important spelling test. She stayed up late the night before studying the words. When she sat down in class, she was very nervous. Jane did her very best. The next day, she found out she got an A+.

The Couch
Jim asked Mark to come over to help him move his couch. They soon discovered the couch was too heavy for just them to move. Mark invited his brother Luke to help them. Again, the couch was too heavy. Then Jim remembered all the gold bars he kept inside his sofa.

knitting
Ida was knitting a blanket. First she wound the yarn around her knitting needles. Then she hooked and looped until it began to take shape. When it was done, she finished the edges neatly. Then Ida gave her mom the blanket as a gift.

Fred Learns Cello
Fred had always wanted to learn to play the cello. He contacted a local cello player in his town to take lessons. While the lessons were difficult, Fred worked very hard. Finally he was a terrific cello player. He felt great that he had learned to play cello.

Rohan
Rohan rode his horse to Mavis Gilbert's home. He helped her learn to ride a horse. One horse was rowdy and threw her off. This scared Mavis and she vowed never to ride again. Rohan shrugged and rode away into the sunset.

Inservice hours
Patsy does home child care and is a licensed provider in her state. She is required to take 12 hours of inservice per year to keep up. She is mailed an info sheet monthly about the different classes offered Many of the classes offered she has already taken in the past. She looks each time hoping to find an interesting class she can go to.

Sarah Moves Out
Sarah wanted to move out of her parent's house. She needed a source of income to support herself. She applied for jobs all over. She eventually heard back from a company. Sarah accepted the job offer and moved out of her parent's house.

Bad job interview
I had a horrible job interview yesterday. It took over an hour on the train to reach the office. Then, I couldn't find a taxi cab and had to walk half a mile in heels. Arriving at the office, my makeup had smudged from sweat. Finally, the company informed me that the job had already been filled.

Warm House
Jen felt cold at her house. She put on a sweater and turned up the heat. Soon the house was at 85 degrees. Jen got so warm she opened a window. The cool air from outside balanced out the heat.

Dance no more
Sally went to a school dance. She wore her best dress. And she put on her finest shoes. She made her hair just right. But it was all for not, because the dance was next week.

The tummy pain.
Thomas was sitting in class. His stomach began to hurt. He decided to go to the nurse. They saw that his temperature was very high. His mom came to pick him up.

Kids Picnic
Gina and her friends decided to have a picnic in the yard. They decided to cook burgers to eat. Gina asked her dad to set up the grill. He refused to let kids use his grill. They ended up cooking hot dogs instead.

Broken Phone
Alex's went to a Christmas carnival with her parents. They wanted to get a photo of her riding a camel. She didn't want to, but she finally agreed. As she was getting on, her phone fell out of her pocket. The screen cracked as it hit the ground.

Math
A man desired to improve his math skills to get better grades. His school work challenged him very much so he worked hard. He practiced everyday for one hour per day. He saw his math skills improve. He saw his test scores improve.

Pizza for Dinner
Billy was hoping that his mom would take him out for dinner. He was thinking about how yummy a pizza sounded. Later that night his mom asked if he would like pizza. Billy couldn't believe it! He felt so happy to have his wish come true!

Creek
Neil went down to the local creek. There, he put his tube in the water. He sat carefully in it and kicked off from shore. He started to float slowly down the creek. Neil had a great afternoon of tubing!

Laundromat Blues
Mark went to the laundromat to wash his clothes. When he arrived it was very crowded. He had to wait 30 minutes for an open washing machine. After washing his clothes, he had to wait longer for a dryer. Mark spent most of the day at the laundromat.

At The Strip Club
Jason received three thousand dollars on his tax return check. He had plans to use the money to start a business. But first, he wanted to go to the strip club. A stripper got him drunk and made him think she liked him. Jason passed out and the stripper took his three thousand dollars.

Spayed
Ida's cat was acting very strange. The vet said it was time to get her spayed. Ida was nervous, but she complied. She was anxious, but the surgery went well. Ida was glad that her cat was okay.

Goldfish
Nola won a goldfish at a carnival. She took it home and put it in a tank. Her mom thought it would die right away. But surprisingly, the fish thrived. Nola kept her fish for many years.

The buns in the sun
Joe and Renee went out on jet ski's. One of the ski's started to sink as they were being put in the water. Joe and Renee quickly got the ski back out of the water. Renee went and bought a tube to use instead. While on the tube Joe lost his shorts in the water Joe was exposed.

Glasses
When I was in school I loved sitting in the back row. I could get away with so much more back there. My friends and I were so far away from the teacher. Then in eighth grade I needed glasses. I then had to sit up in the front row so I could see the board.

Metamorphosis
Katie was excited to find a cocoon in her backyard. She put the cocoon in a jar to await its metamorphosis. Katie pictured the beautiful butterfly that would emerge. One day, Katie saw the cocoon had opened. In the jar was an ugly brown moth.

Borrowed
Amy allowed her friend Beth to borrow one of her library books. It was time to return them and Beth couldn't find the book. Amy was afraid to tell her mother she didn't have the book. After school they searched Beth's room and didn't find the book. Amy's mom was so upset she grounded Amy for a day.

Bro code
Derek was out with this girl he liked. He invited his best friend, jimmy to hang out with them too. Jimmi started flirting with the girl. Derek and Jimmy got into a fight because of it. They stopped being friends because Jimmi broke the bro code.

Cowboy Bill
Bill has always enjoyed the cowboy style of dress. He lived in a big city where people looked at him strangely. Bill decided to save up some money and move to the country. He found a ranch down South and bought it. Bill finally lived the lifestyle he always dreamed about.

Dropped cookies.
Kaitlyn was invited to a Christmas party. She decided to bring some sugar cookies. As she carried the cookies into the house, she slipped. The cookies fell everywhere, and were ruined. Kaitlyn was upset but there were a lot of other cookies at the party.

Stuck in the middle
Randy was tired of having a big beard so he decided to shave it all. He began to shave but his razor became dull halfway though. Randy had to go to the store to pick up more blades. Another man in the store though Randy was partaking in a fad. He scoffed at how Randy was breaking societal norms and left.

Knick of Time
Gina's crush Jamie needed someone to open the door for him. It was hard to hold his crutch and open the door at the same time. She wanted to be at the door today to open it for him. Just as he approached she grabbed and opened the door. As she did he smiled at her, and her heart melted.

The Job
Amanda was about to start graduate school in a couple of months. She needed money but it was not enough time to get a job. However, Amanda found out that she could work online. She did it for several hours a day. By the time graduate school started, Amanda had some money saved.

Jumping Off Bridges
Trevor never did anything remotely risky in his life. That's why he decided to try bungy jumping for the first time. He set out to the bridge where they offered jumps. He paid for the jump and got suited. Unfortunately, Trevor could not jump and went home dejected.

Joe's Travel Plans
Joe traveled to foreign countries every year. This year, he made plans to visit a country in Africa. He was going to visit an elephant sanctuary in Kenya. Two weeks before the trip, a war broke out in that country. Joe had to cancel his plans, and was very disappointed.

Stars
Janet likes to study astrology. Janet volunteered to take children to a planetarium. The children learned a lot about stars and planets. Janet felt herself being awed by the planetarium. Janet felt proud introducing young minds to her passion.

Canvas Bags
Recently my community banned the provision of bags in shops. Plastic bags now cost extra. I think this was good, but I can't get used to it. I always forget to bring my canvas bags with me instead. Today I had to pay the fee again, but it was minor.

Tidepool Treasure
I went down to the tidepool to watch the tide roll out. I sat on the dock and waited, while listening to my mp3 player. Once the tide was out, I saw something shiny in the muddy bottoms. I went down and found that it was a gold ring! Today was my lucky day!

Car
Tom went out and realized that his car wouldn't start. He was able to diagnose that the battery was dead. He called a friend and got a ride to the auto parts store. Tom purchased a new battery and went home and installed it. Tom was happy to hear his car roar to life.

Cell Phone Camera
Henry liked to take pictures. But he did not like carrying his digital camera everywhere. His cell phone was also very old. But Henry found about a cell phone with a great camera. And he bought it, which made taking pictures more convenient for him.

Dog
Boomer and Abby are my two puppies. They like to get into trouble. They are always trying to escape the backyard. One day I watched Boomer tunnel under the fence. He then ran to the front door and barked to let him in!

Cupcakes
It was Ally's birthday. She went with her mother to the store to get cupcakes for her party. There were too many to choose from! She decided on chocolate cupcakes with white icing. They were delicious!

Adjusting to a Mouthpiece
Billy's mom noticed he was grinding his teeth in his sleep. His dentist suggested he wear a mouthpiece to protect his teeth. The first time he put it in it felt very uncomfortable. He wore it for short periods of time for several days. After a while, he felt comfortable wearing it the entire night.

Family Vacation
Singapore is a fun place to visit if you're in Southeast Asia. It has many different types of things to do while on vacation. Today my family plans to visit Sentosa Island. My sister and I had an argument on the way to the island. She said Dad would choose to play golf but I didn't think so.

Three Days Later
It had been 3 days since Gina asked her mother when they were leaving. She had been told they were going home in 3 days. She awoke ready to go home. But she discovered her mother was at the grocery store. She knew this meant they weren't going home.

Man on the Run
My friend, Aidan, used to be on the run from the law. He had stolen two tires from an Advance Auto Parts. They were pretty expensive. The police never ended up finding him. To this day, he feels nervous driving by a squad car.

Evan
Evan was wondering what to get his mom for Christmas. Then he thought of a great gift idea. He would buy her a new bathrobe! He hurried to the mall to select the perfect robe. On Christmas morning, Evan's mom told him she loved the robe!

The Never-ending Debt Cycle
Tina was in some deep financial trouble. She had credit card debt piling up. She enlisted the help of an accountant to get everything sorted out. Last week, she said that she was working on paying off her debt. Hopefully she can get to her student loans next.

Coffee Maker
Tori got a new coffee maker for her birthday. She was excited, because she loved coffee. She set the coffee maker up and and brewed a pot. The coffee maker made an absolutely perfect cup. Tori was very grateful for such a useful gift.

First Born
A man was driving to visit friends when he got a call from his wife. The wife told her husband to pull over, and told him she was pregnant! The man and his wife were both very excited for their first child. The couple took classes together to prepare for the birth. The birth went without complications due to the couple's good planning.

Lent
Every Lent we give up something we love for 40 days. I usually give up my pot of coffee every morning. I am not a happy person if I don't get my coffee. This year my family asked me not to give up coffee for Lent. I gave up chocolate and the family was much happier.

Twins
Amy and Ann were identical twins, and very close. They loved switching places and pulling tricks on people. Ann was bad at math, and begged Amy to take an important test for her. Amy aced the test, but unfortunately they were caught and punished. The twins learned to keep their switching antics out of the classroom.

Refugee
I was living in Syria. The Syrian war broke out. I decided to escape the country. I fled to Greece. Finally, I was safe!

Poor Choices
Dan owned a car that would always break down. Dan never saved money for repairs. Dan decided to drive his friends to a concert. His car broke down in the middle of nowhere. They are all stranded because he doesn't have money for car repairs.

Hanging photos.
Don had some new photos. He had them framed. He wanted to hang them on the wall. He measured everything and started hanging it. When he was done, it all looked nice.

Southern Twang in the Big City
Danny was visiting New York City from Alabama. Many locals were having a hard time understanding his accent. He asked the cab driver to take him to Museum of Natural History. He ended up somewhere in Staten Island! He made the most of it and rode the ferry.

Swimming
Matt went to the beach with his friends. He changed into his swim suit so he could go into the water. He went into the ocean with his friends. A huge wave came and crashed down on Matt. He didn't enjoy the experience and decided to never try it again.

Oven Thoughts
Bill sat in his favorite chair in his living room reading a book. Out of nowhere, he wondered if the oven was still on. He put his book down and went to the kitchen. Bill opened the oven and jiggled the oven dial. The oven was off but he was glad that he checked.

The New Friend
Jeffrey was a very happy boy, but he didn't have many friends. He wanted to have a friend so badly, but he didn't know to get one. One day Jeffrey was at the park and he spotted a boy that was his age. He went up to the boy and asked him if he wanted to play. Just as quick as that, Jeffrey had a new friend!

Jam!
Janet decided to enter her strawberry jam into a contest at the fair. She brought her best jar of jam, and spent an hour walking around. She watched the judges tasting each jar of jam. One of the judges announced the winner: it wasn't Janet. She felt very disappointed, but decided to try again next year.

Hot Potato
Avril wanted to play a game with her brother George. There was nothing around for toys but Avril had a great idea. She took a potato from the kitchen and put it into the microwave. After two minutes, she told her brother they were ready to play. She grabbed the potato from the microwave and burned herself.

Constantly Learning
I am a firm believer than we should all learn new things. We should never be contempt in learning "enough" to get by. I'm not just talking about college or formal learning either. I mean learning in general. Knowledge is one of the few things in life we have power over.

Fishing
Eileen had become a vegan and she didn't want to go fishing anymore. But she and her dad had always bonded on their weekly fishing trips! She feared she would miss out on quality time with her dad. Then she suggested weekend hikes instead. She and her dad still bonded - and they got in shape, too!

The Cake Thief
My sister was married when I was eleven. The reception was held in a large house. I fell asleep on the stairs and was put to bed in a guest room. When I woke up, I explored the big house. In the kitchen I found cake which i took and ate for breakfast.

Field Trip to the Fire Station
Joey's class took a field trip to the fire station. They had a chance to help hold a hose spraying water. The chief let them all slide down the fire pole. Joey thought it was the best field trip he ever went on. After the trip, he was sure he wanted to be a firefighter.

Gone with the Wind
Jen finished her lunch and started to move to her next class. A container of leftover rice flew into the sky. It came into contact with her face. Since the rice contained tomato sauce, her shirt was dirty. Jen took several minutes to clean herself.

Jackpot
I won a jackpot at the casino. I was playing a new slot I had never tried before. My friend talked me into playing it even though I was ready to go home. I spun the reels a few times, then hit the jackpot. I couldn't believe my luck!

No car for class.
Amanda was in a photography class. Her teacher let any of the students go off campus to take pictures. Amanda didn't have a car, though. She didn't even know anyone in class with a car. Instead she had to take pictures on campus.

Peacocks
Bobby mom told him there would be peacocks at the petting zoo. He had never seen one before but he had heard about them. He couldn't wait to see one with its tail open. At last he spotted one but it had a short stubby tail. His mom laughed, telling him he was looking at a turkey.

Beat the Heat
Flynn went for jogging on a hot day in the country. He ran under trees to stay cooler. After he finished his jogging he got home and jumped in the pool. Flynn drank a cold beer while he swam in the pool. This was the best feeling Flynn could imagine.

The big batch.
Millie was working on Mturk doing surveys. Work was very slow and she was about to go to bed. Suddenly, a huge batch was posted. She started working on it rapidly. When it ended, she had made almost one hundred bucks!

Immediate Exit
Drew walked into the front of his new school. An upperclassmen approached him and tried to take his money. Since Drew refused, they got into a fight. When his mom found out about the fight, she freaked out. She ended up sending Drew to another school.

Tech Support
I had to call technical support for a problem with my computer. The automated voice said the wait time was thirty minutes. I held the line for over two hours. Finally, a technical support person came on the line. I had to call back again because he was unable to fix my problem.

Moving Home
Stacia recently split up with her boyfriend. Her and her three boys had to move into an apartment. She really wants to move back to her home town. Stacia starts applying for jobs and looking into the schools. Stacia really wants to make her dream a reality.

Driver
Nina had just turned sixteen and wanted her license. She decided to go to driver's ed lessons after school. The lessons were hard, though, and Nina worried. She feared she would fail the road test after all. But in five weeks, Nina was granted a driver's license!

Stolen Base
I was on third base and taking a large lead. I timed it just right and I made a run for home. I slid in under the catcher's mitt and was ruled safe. I had just stole home to win the game. I was not confident I would be safe, but my training kicked in.

Misery
Amy was born into a poor family. They barely had anything. She often had to go without eating and clean clothes. One day Amy had enough with the misery. Amy killed herself in her room to escape the misery.

Missing The Show
Charles' favorite artist was scheduled to perform at a club. Charles was surprised, his favorite artist doesn't come to town often. But the show cost twenty dollars to enter and dress clothes required. Charles didn't have money or dress shoes so he couldn't go. He sent the artist an apology over Facebook.

Time not eaten
Chuck was startled when he felt his stomach rumble. He looked at the time to discover it was well past lunch time. He decided to do one more task then get something to eat. Chuck jumped the next time he felt his stomach rumble. He had just worked past dinner as well.

Practice Date
Sue was going on a date the upcoming weekend. She was nervous. Her best friend Janice decided to take her on a practice date. They went out to dinner and pretended that it was a real date. Sue was no longer nervous for her real date afterwards.

Lisa Buys a Sweater
As the fall weather approaches, Lisa wants more warm clothing. She begins to research different clothing options. Lisa decides she wants to buy a nice sweater. She goes to the local store to buy one. Now that fall is here, Lisa is ready for the cold weather.

Tyler Gets a Speeding Ticket
Tyler is driving with his friends to the mall. He decides to drive above the speed limit. A police officer pulls him over and gives him a ticket. Tyler's parents are so angry they take away his car keys. He wishes he had never driven to the mall.

Airport
I needed to take a flight last week. I had to go through security screening. They looked at me naked through a machine. Then they touched me all over. It made me feel very safe.

Delicious ice cream
Yesterday kate went to a taste tasting for ice cream. She went to the factory and tasted three flavors. Luckily she got to take home a pint. When she got home she realized the pint was empty. Then she realized she already ate it.

Lawn Mowing Service
John needed to earn some extra money fast. He put fliers in the neighbors mailboxes offering to mow their lawns. He didn't realize how many people would hire him. He mowed twelve lawns in one week. He did so well he kept his business going all summer.

Tyler Meets New Friends
Tyler is nervous about meeting people in his new town. He has just moved for a job and he doesn't have any friends. One day a coworker invites him to a bar to get some beer. Tyler meets many people that day at the bar. He is happy that he is finally meeting new people.

Something on the wing
Alex needed to take a plane but was scared of flights. He boarded his flight then sat down and waited. When the plane started, he began to feel very anxious. Suddenly, Alex saw a menacing monster on the plane's wing! Alex rubbed his eyes and then realized he was having hallucinations.

Child's play
Richard's son was performing in a talent show one night. Richard was late leaving work and needed to travel to the play. Richard became stuck in traffic with only a few minutes to spare. He pulled over into a parking lot and ran to his son's play. Luckily, he made it just in time and saw his kid's entire play.

Cold Coffee
It was a hot day. But Gina wanted to drink coffee. She decided to put water and ground coffee in a bottle. And she put it in the refrigerator. Several hours later, she had cold coffee to drink.

Dee
Dee wanted a dress so badly that she begged her mom to buy it. Her mom told her that she couldn't afford to buy the dress for her. Dee decided to get a job. As it turned out, she was hired where the dress she wanted was. She earned the money and bought it on a discount.

Title Search
We sold our condo in 2013. The closing was set for April 21, 2013. A few days before the closing the bank said the title was unclear. We were frantic, but our lawyer found a way to clear the title. We were very relieved.

Deb's school
Deb attended a school where there was a terrible shooting. She and the other students were still afraid to attend school. Their parents discussed how to make the school safer. They met with the school principal and outlined their safety ideas. Deb felt better knowing that the adults were trying to make them safe.

Severe Reaction
I decided to treat my brother to some food by a local seafood place. When the waiter gave us a table to sit on, we made our orders. My brother enjoyed the food until he started to get nauseous. His face started to swell and he had trouble breathing. I immediately took him to the hospital.

Walking a friend home.
Henry had a friend over. She was ready to go home. It was dark so he walked her home. They had to go down three streets. Then, he said goodbye to her at her door.

eggs
Ben bought a dozen eggs fresh from the market. Then he put them in his incubator. He turned them every so often. Soon they began to hatch! Ben's dozen eggs turned into a dozen chicks!

Trip to the opera
Kelly was about to go to her first opera. She was excited to finally attend one. She got dressed up in her best gown and went out. The show was wonderful. Kelly had a great time.

Basketball
Mark loves to play sports. He is very athletic. Mark decided to enter a basketball tournament. Mark was the best in the tournament. Now Mark has lots of trophies at home!

Girls
A boy grew up with all girls. He had a mother and 3 sisters. He did not get along with his sisters. One day he fell off his bike and broke his arm. His sisters brought him to the hospital and he liked them from then on

Missionary
Ryan wanted to go on a church trip to Asia. His mother said they couldn't afford the tickets, though. So Ryan fundraiser and sold candy bars. In two months he had warned enough for his trip! He and his church went to Asia and had a wonderful time.

Staying
Gina had an hour to work in the library at school. And now it was time to return to her classroom. Gina stopped packing and thought about her options. She was hesitant to return to the tension of her classroom. Gina decided she would simply stay where she was.

Drawing
Cayla loves to draw. But she wanted to get better at drawing. So she began taking lessons on how to draw. She finished the drawing course in 6 weeks. Cayla loves to draw even more now that's trained to do so.

Hair Dye
I decided to bleach my hair so I could fit in. I did it myself to save money though. After applying the bleach I needed to wait 45 minutes before rinsing. I fell asleep in the chair for 3 hours. I woke up in a panic to find myself bald with chemical burns.

Grandmother's Soup
When I was young, my grandmother would take me to German restaurant. At the restaurant, they served a special soup. My grandmother tried for years to get their recipe. Finally, her friend shared the restaurant's secret soup recipe. I now have the recipe and make the soup for special occasions.

Lemonade Stand
Louis decided to make a lemonade stand. He set up a table and made a sign. He mixed fresh lemonade to sell. Unfortunately, it started to rain and he had to stop. He learned to check the weather before planning something outdoors.

New Trunks
Paul put a lot of time into surfing, doing it most every morning. He wore out swim trunks on a weekly basis, always needing new ones. He bought a cheap pair, wanting to just surf as soon as possible. His first wave went by great, until he came out of the water. Paul was red with embarrassment, his trunks had fallen off!

Charging Cords
John always carried lots of electronics with him when he traveled. He just checked into his hotel room when he noticed something missing. He had forgotten to bring some charging cords for his electronics. John called the concierge and had them buy some charging cords. John was able to receive the cords that evening.

College acceptance
Kelly was nervous to get her college letter back. She was afraid she would not get in. She immediately ran to the mailbox when it came. She opened it up. Thankfully she was accepted.

Horatio Tries to Write
Horatio had always wanted to try writing a novel. He traveled the world for one year to gain inspiration. Over that year he had many romantic encounters. When he got home he sat down to write his novel. However, the stories were too personal for him to share.

Emmanuel's Bad Hair Day
This morning, Emmanuel couldn't get his hair to look good. He tried to comb it several different ways. Emmanuel didn't think that anything looked good. He decided that he was going to use hair gel. Emmanuel likes his new hairstyle even more than his usual one.

A laser tag match.
Riley was playing laser tag with his friends. He was hiding behind a wall. His plan was to surprise his friend and get some points. Suddenly, his friend came up behind him and shot him. His friend laughed and ran away.

Bad Tattoos.
Shay was getting a new tattoo. She wanted to get a rose on her neck. It didn't feel like the shape of a rose being tattooed. When she was finished she looked in the mirror. And there was a tattoo across her neck that said Bros.

umbrella
It started to rainy on Ann's walk home from school. She dug into her backpack hoping to find a newspaper. But then she found something better. Her mom had slipped an umbrella into her pack that morning. Ann was so happy and grateful!

Johnny and the Bike
Johnny was learning how to ride his bike. He out on his helmet, and his pads. He fell down the first time. The second time he fell into a bush. The third time he drove all around the driveway with no problem.

The mold problem.
Shawn had just moved into a new apartment. He was really enjoying the place for awhile. Soon, though, he started seeing patches of mold everywhere. He did his best to maintain things but the mold was unstoppable. Soon, he realized that this was a deep-rooted problem.

Falling in Love
Nathan wanted desperately to fall in love with a woman. He searched long and hard to meet the right person. He decided to try a dating site. He met a woman on there called Clarise. Nathan and Clarice dated for years and Nathan fell in love with her.

Unicycle
Jeff loved to ride his unicycle. His twin daughters thought it was so funny. One summer he taught them to ride. It took lots of practice! They got really good, just like their dad.

New shoes
Jansen wanted a new pair of shoes. He asked his mom if he could get them. Hi mom told him he would need to keep his room clean for a week. Jansen didn't keep his room clean and his mom didn't buy the shoes. Jansen learned a lesson about keeping a promise.

O Christmas Tree
The Martin family went to get their Christmas tree. The tree lot had just put out fresh trees. They picked one out and brought it home. They decorated the tree together. While decorating they sang the carol O Christmas Tree.

A walk around the block.
Chrisana and her niece went for a walk around the block. They stopped at a park. At the park, they rode the swings. Then, they kept walking. Eventually, they made it back home.

Bad trade
Kelli bought some stock options of Apple as a gamble. She thought the price would go up so she bought calls. However to her dismay the price as falling. Kelli was upset she was losing money. She knew better next time not to gamble.

Starter
Dick had tried to get a fire started all afternoon. His attempts at rubbing twigs together failed, but he had no lighter. Suddenly, Dick remembered that his dad packed several matches. He looked through the backpack and found all, but one soaked. He lit it and had a blaze in no time.

Excuses
Gina called her boyfriend. She told him to get dressed for the party. He ended up arriving 2-3 hours late. He said that there was traffic on the road. Since he lives one street away from the place, she knew he's lying.

Bark Bark
One afternoon I was sitting in my chair writing stories. I was struggling because writer's block had set in. I scratched my head in frustration, trying to think! All of a sudden I heard my dogs barking outside. That's how my dogs cured my writer's block.

Grind Forum
Dan went to get caught up on the forum. Today there was a lot of spam from the woman in New England. She didn't seem to get no one wanted to know about her personal life. Dan looked at the forum settings and found what he was looking for. He was able to put the shrewish woman on permanent ignore.

Choosing A Microphone
Loudoun decided it was time to purchase a new microphone. He wanted to take his recording to the next level. Primarily interested in singing, he knew he needed something dynamic. He found a Shure58 microphone on a Black Friday sale and purchased it. Loudoun felt great joy as he listened to himself through his new mic.

Doing the Exact Opposite
My mom tried to tell Anthony to throw away his food. Since Anthony was hungry, he decided to eat the food. The next day, Anthony had a large stomach ache. He also threw up several times. I had to take him to the hospital since he felt sick.

Telling The Chamber of Commerce
Charles was Eddy's tenant. He rented a room from Eddy in Eddy's house. But Eddie would leave his Pit Bull in the house and fuss for rent. Charles wrote a complaint and sent it to the Chamber of Commerce. They told Eddy he wasn't a reputable home appraiser or landlord.

The Park
The family lives down the road from a park. The kids ask Becky to take them there. Becky takes the kids to park to play. They all have a fun time. They can't wait to go again.

Distraction
Mom and Debbie took a walk in the dark around their camp site. Debbie was very scared and afraid they were lost. Mom needed to distract Debbie. She told Debbie a story about a princess who lived in a castle. Before she knew it, Debbie was back at the campsite.

Sally
Sally was a good girl with a cat. Sally's cat was fat and lazy. Sally tried to walk her cat. Her cat would not comply. Now Sally's cat is obese.

Driving after my stroke
I suffered a stroke in October of 2011. I could not walk for five weeks. I had to learn how to drive again. I took special courses from a driving school, and took a road test. I was very proud to pass my road test and get my license.

Baby Toy
Bill's sister recently gave birth, and he wanted to give a new toy. Bill decided to check his local toy store. Upon arrival, he found the perfect teddy bear for the baby. Bill purchased the bear, and got some flowers for his sister. Bill's sister was pleased with the gift for the baby and herself.

Forgetful
Danielle was a very hard worker. She had a full-time job and went to school. This week she had to stay late at work a few days. She ended up forgetting to study for an important test. Danielle failed her test and was very sad.

lunch break
It was a lovely spring day. Ben decided to leave his office on his lunch break. He took a walk outside. He felt great soaking up the sunlight. He never wanted to go back to the office!

Difficult Turtle
Tiff wanted a turtle for her birthday. She thought it would be easy to take care of. But she when got one, her time seemed to vanish. It needed a very specific diet and environment to live in. Tiff hated her turtle.

A Wrestler's Ambition
Kyle and Sebastian loved professional wrestling. Every Wednesday they sat in front of the TV and watched intently. Sebastian saw a move that looked cool and wanted to try it. Sebastian pushed Kyle through their mother's coffee table. Sebastian was grounded for two weeks.

Toys
Jenna likes to give back to her community. She has spent a lot of time thinking about what she can do. Her friend mentioned doing a toy drive for needy kids for Christmas. They got together and did the drive and took in so many toys! Over 100 children got an extra gift from their efforts.

Birthday Surprise
Jim has been looking forward to next week's football game all week. But when he tries to get tickets they are sold out everywhere. Finally he resigns himself to the fact that he's not going to go. But that day his girlfriend surprises him with tickets to the game. Jim thinks it's the best birthday present he's ever received

A mother takes her son to the movies
A boy really wanted to see a new movie. He asked his mom and she said she would take him. He happily waited to go to the theatre. His mom and him grabbed snacks while they waited in line. The boy arrived at the specified theatre and enjoyed the movie.

No Desk
Gina didn't like the new boy in her class. The teacher looked for a place to seat him. But there were no empty desks in the class. Gina smiled thinking he would go to another class. But the teacher just called the janitor to bring a new desk.

Liar
Tim and Bill are playing baseball outside. Tim hits a ball so hard that it goes through Mr Smith's window. When the boys try to run away they are caught. Tim blames Bill for the broken window. When the truth comes out Tim's parent punish him even harder.

Fear of Spiders
Erin has always been terrified of spiders. One day she went to get into her car and say a large spider on it. She screamed and ran back into her house. She called her boyfriend and asked him to get the spider off. He went out and took the spider off for her.

Spare Them
Gina had broken her windshield wiper blade. But she still needed to drive to buy new ones. When she turned them on the rubber began to separate from the plastic. She watched as the rubber wagged about. She decided to use the wipers sparingly until she replaced them.

Constantly Forget
Gina was always forgetting a street near her home was closed. Every time she started to drive north she would see the closed sign. By then she was already headed in that direction. She would then need to make a u-turn in the middle of the street. Gina wished they would finish the construction and re-open the street.

Sally Gets Some Donuts
Sally really wanted some donuts when she woke up. She decided to go to her local bakery down the street. While walking along she remembered she left her money at home. After heading back to get the money she had really gotten hungry. She bought a dozen donuts when she made it to the store.

California
Anne was born and raised in California. She spent the majority of her life there and needed a change. Anne decided to move to Florida and make a life there. She got a job and a boyfriend and liked her new apartment. Anne missed California but was feeling like Florida was now home!

On skates
Bob and Richard decided to go skating. They went to the rink and rented skates. Richard skated fast. Bob tried to keep up but fell. Richard felt bad because Bob got a big bruise.

circus
Bob got a new job. He's now a clown at the circus. He was nervous because clowns get a bad rap. The kids ended up loving him. He was overjoyed.

Tornado
The Alan's lived in an area prone to tornadoes. There was a warning of a big one approaching them. They had similar scares in the past and decided to ride it out. Although they had a basement the winds destroyed everything. None of them survived.

Decisions
I am thinking about going back to get my degree. I am thirty Years old and I still don't know what I want to do. My friends suggest that I stick with my mediocre job. They said that I make decent money and have good benefits. They make a good point, I'll probably stay where I'm at.

Acceptance at last
There once was a person who tried to get into his dream school. He spent hours upon hours filling out the application. He knew that it was going to be perfect. He sent the application in and eagerly awaited the acceptance letter. Two weeks later, he got a card in the mail congratulating him!

The runaway.
Becky was fighting a lot with her parents. One morning they woke up and discovered that she had run away. They put up posters and searched everywhere. Then, one day they heard a knock on the door. Becky had returned home.

Clam bake
Every year the smiths get together for a large clam bake. The smiths have a blast each time. Kelly was responsible for getting all the clams. The family had so much fun at this event. They couldn't wait to have it again next year.

Unemployed
Rose gave an order to the driver. He got mad and decided to drive off without paying. The boss got mad at rose and told her to leave. She threw her hat down and said that she doesn't want to work. The boss ends up firing her.

Stolen Jacket
Sara arrived to work at Macy's and put her coat in the back room. She wanted to go outside for break so she went to grab her coat. To her surprise her coat was gone. Sara informed management her coat was taken from her area. When her coat wasn't found they offered to replace it for her.

Thai cooking
Last year I decided to take a cooking course. I signed up for an introduction to Thai cooking. Before the first class, the instructor brought us to an Asian market. At the market, we learned about Asian cooking ingredients. By the end of the course, I knew the names of all Asian ingredients.

Party On
Alex believed that his friends were going to leave him at school. He stopped eating during lunch and asked them about it. They were going to be doing something without him. He went home, feeling rather disappointed. At home he found all of them there, throwing a party for him.

Chutney
There once was a place called Chutney. It was full of people afflicted with gluttony. One Chutner ate so much she weighed more than a hutch. She had to be moved with a dozer. She got on a diet, her tummy went quiet, now she's as thin as a rake.

I won 1000 dollars.
I went to the gas station to get gasoline for my car. I had an extra dollar left over. I decided on a whim to spend my dollar on a lottery ticket. I scratched it off. It was revealed that I had won one thousand dollars.

The Winner
Crystal thought her father worried too much. But all she could do now was take his advice. He said she had to be one hundred percent confident she could win. Crystal was racing a runner with a faster time. But she visualized herself winning and she won the race.

Missing
Ari was a girl I once knew. We dated for a while but she had to go away. Out of the blue one day she said she couldn't talk to me any longer. I sent a bunch of inquisitive messages but she never responded. She went from the closest person in my life to stranger in an instant.

Rent Check
Max had to mail his rent check today. He wrote it out and put it in an envelope. When he left his house, he realized he forgot the envelope. He walked back home and grabbed it. He mailed his rent check on time.

Mark Writes for the Paper
Mark wanted to find a good extra curricular activity to stay busy. His mom recommended he try writing for the school newspaper. Mark wrote an article about the passage of the town budget. While working on the article, Mark found that he loved writing. He was relieved to have found an activity that he loved so much.

Expired Coupon
Lou had a coupon to a sandwich place. He liked it but didn't go often because it was a bit expensive. He ordered his favorite sandwich. When he handed the coupon to the clerk she said it was expired. He was too embarrassed not to go ahead and pay full price.

James's New Job
James got a new job at an animal kennel. He got to walk and feed dogs twice a day. He found it to be dirty work. It was also super rewarding too. The dogs greeted James with such joy each time they saw him.

My parents came to visit
This weekend my parents came to visit me at my new home. My parents brought a delicious dinner for us to enjoy together. My parents played with my children as well. We had lots of fun and laughed a lot together. I feel so blessed that my parents were able to visit me this weekend.

Try It, You Might Like It!
Laney desperately wanted to go swimming in her brother's pool. She was afraid the water was too cold to enjoy. She braced herself and cautiously dipped her toes into the pool. To her pleasant surprise, the water felt more like bath temperature! Laney happily jumped in and swam with her brother until nightfall.

Beach Fun
The Smith family wanted to go on vacation. They decided to go to the beach in Florida. They swam in the water and built sand castles. They found shells on the seashore. They had a great time and did not want to go home!

Lasagna
I wanted to make some lasagna for my family. I put all the ingredients together and put it in the oven. After a while, it was done. I pulled it out and served it up to everyone. They hated it, because I'm a terrible cook.

Angry Jill
Jill was angry at her mother. She hated being forced to wake up and go to school. Eventually, she threw her clothes on and stomped her way into the car. When Jill arrived at school, she left saying nothing to her mother. At lunch, Jill stared at the food her mother made and felt sorry.

Sleigh Ride
Jenny's boyfriend surprised her with a sleigh ride Christmas Eve. It was very romantic. He even had hot cocoa for them to drink. But the highlight was when he pulled a ring box out of his pocket. He asked her to marry him!

The Show
I bought tickets to see a musical six months in advance. When we got to the theater I realized I forgot the tickets at home. There would not be enough time to go back to get them. I nearly started crying as we asked will call what we could do. I was so grateful they let us in after confirming my identification.

New Shoes
Jim wanted to get unique shoes that would standout at school. So he went to the shoe store and looked around. He saw gray basketball shoes and bought them. Everyone liked Jim's shoes and began to buy the same style. Jim didn't feel so unique afterwards.

Band or orchestra
Jim wanted to go to a live music venue. He prefers rock music and his wife prefers classical. They played rock, paper and scissor to decide. His wife won. They went to the classical music venue.

Three gallons
When Tim wanted to repaint his shed, he bought three gallons of paint. He realized that he bought too much paint and tried to return one. The store clerk would not accept the paint without a receipt. Tim got angry at this request and walked out of the store. He used the paint to write a nasty message to the clerk on the road.

Big Crane
Vince was bored so he decided to go for a walk. He went and sat by the local park's pond and waited. All of a sudden a large crane flew into the pond near him. Vince was amazed and grabbed his phone to take pictures. The Crane got shy and then left, so Vince went back home.

Cake
Nala was making a birthday cake. It looked great when she put it in the oven. But then she forgot about it! By the time she pulled it out, it was burned. Nala was angry with herself.

Christina Goes Camping
Christina likes to go camping. Christina went to a state park with her friends. They stayed for the entire weekend in their tents. Christina brought hot dogs to eat. Christina packed up on Sunday and drove home.

Mechanical Turk
I was unemployed for six months. No one would hire me or give me an interview. I decided that a normal job wasn't for me. I decided to work on Mechanical Turk instead. With Mechanical Turk I was able to make lots of money!

Disney vacation
After a long day at work, Jim decided to treat his family. He decided to take them on a trip to Disney. They had never been so he thought it would be nice. When he went home to tell them, they were thrilled. The family went the next month.

Firebug
I was cold one night in my house so I made a fire. I put a lot of old newspaper and junk mail in the fireplace and lit it. The fire burned brightly and I watched it for some time. The fire burned out before I remembered to put any wood on the flames. I had to get more paper and start over.

Dodgeball
Danny was organizing a dodge ball team in his community. Danny wanted to get the word out about the team. Danny decided he would make some flyers. Danny posted the flyers in the neighborhood. Danny was surprised when he got several calls to join the team.

The train trip
Amy always wanted to go for a trip on an Amtrak train. She went online and purchased a ticket. The day of the trip she arrived at the train station. When asked for her ticket she realized she left it at home. Amy was disappointed to miss her train.

Snowboarding
Matt had always liked to snowboard as a kid. After he finished college he received a job offer. He would need to move to Colorado if he took the job. He knew that he would get to snowboard often in Colorado. Matt took the job and enjoyed his new life in the snow.

The Funeral
Jeremy was at his father's funeral. He had been able to hold it together for most of it. When it came time to speak he broke down. He was unable to stop crying. His friend and family tried to console him.[

Paulo Goes for a Run
Paulo realizes he hasn't left the house in days. Ever since he lost his job, Paulo has been much less active. He decides to go for a run around his block. Out on his run, Paulo sees his close friend Johnny. Paulo is glad that he got out of the house.

Back to school.
Luis was getting ready to go back to school. He was nervous that he wouldn't have classes with any friends. On the first day, he picked up his schedule at the office. For the first half of school, he didn't see anyone in class. Luckily, he had friends in his last few classes.

Billy Drives Home
Billy is proud that he is finished with a year of college. He packs up his dorm room preparing to go home. However, he when he finishes packing it is almost midnight. Nevertheless, he drives through the night to return home. When he arrives home, his parents are just waking up.

Poppy's doll
When Poppy was growing up, she had a very special doll. She took the doll with her everywhere. As she got older, her mother tried to make her give up the doll. Poppy hid the doll so her mother couldn't find it. But Poppy's dog found the doll and chewed it to pieces.

Picking berries
Sam wanted to take Megan on a date. He decided to invite her to go berry picking. They had a lot of fun picking berries. During the date, Sam asked Megan to go out with him. Megan was so happy from their unique date, that she said yes.

Deadline approaches
Jane had been given an extra hour to meet an deadline. She called her co-worker and begged for help. The co-worker agreed to work till Jane could return to work. Jane was relieved to have the help. Now there was hope that she may actually make the deadline.

Candice and the biology test
Candice was studying for her biology test She decided that studying was too hard and cheating was easier. She put her smartphone in between her legs to use google. She was sure she got an A since she cheated. Candice was later dropped for cheating on the test.

Two Fish and a Bit of Luck
A man went fishing in a small pond to catch a meal. After some time, he got a bite. The fish jumped, and he saw that it was too small to eat. A larger fish came, though, and swallowed the smaller fish whole. With difficulty, he landed the new fish, and caught lunch after all.

Javier Gets Singing Lessons
Javier had always wanted to sing better. Although his friends told him he was great, he wanted to improve. Finally Javier decided to take a class with a vocal coach. He learned how to sing better than ever before. Javier was very pleased that he had signed up for a lesson.

Food
My husband decided that today was going to be the day to go out. He picked a wonderful restaurant to visit and took me there. On the way he complimented me and my outfit. While we were eating he held my hand and listened to me when I talked. I had a very wonderful time while we ate together there.

Kelly's First Facial
Kelly was excited to go to the spa for the first time. Kelly and her friends decided to get facials together. The girls were excited and got facials one by one. While Kelly was getting a facial, it was very relaxing. When the facial was done, Kelly looked in the mirror in delight.

Getting a Shot
Chad recently got a new job in a restaurant. However, Chad learned that he would have to get a shot. Chad has a fear of getting shots, but he needs the job. Chad took the shot, and it was not bad. Chad was glad to have the shot ordeal over.

Two Tickets
At the airport, Martha was accidentally given and extra ticket. Be bought one for Chicago but the extra was for Tibet. At first she thought that she would just return the Tibet ticket. The more she looked at the ticket she had a harder time doing it. Martha ripped up her Chicago ticket and walked to gate 11.

Return
Neil was traveling through Europe. He had taken a ferry from Spain to Morocco. Now it was time to return to Spain. Neil boarded the ferry back to the continent. He couldn't wait for the next leg of his trip!

Hate Crime
The students were waiting in line. Gary tried to skip Kenya in line. Kenya tried to go back but Gary got mad. He told her that Kenya didn't deserve her place since she's black. Kenya told the teacher and she suspended Gary.

PT
I had a stroke in 2011. I did not get home until January of 2012. I started outpatient physical therapy in late January. I had sessions until June. The therapy did not help.

A Mountain House
Tammy and her family wanted to take a vacation this year. They looked around and decided to go to the mountains. It was very nice there and everyone enjoyed it. They had a great time at the cabin. The end of their trip came and they were all so glad to have come.

Toilet
Ida hated cleaning her toilet. She decided to get it done and over with quickly. She scrubbed and scrubbed for over an hour. Then she bleached it and watched it gleam and sparkle. Ida felt great about her spotless-clean toilet!

Wax
Bailey had a very hairy back. His wife thought this was unattractive. She suggested he get his back waxed. Bailey loved his wife. He loved her less after getting his back waxed.

The lost paper
The newspaper comes every week to the Smiths'. The Smith's didn't get their paper today. The Smiths called the carrier. The carrier brought them a paper. The next day the Smith found the lost paper outside.

Jogging in the Rain
Lindsay was out for a jog. She saw clouds forming in the distance. Lindsay tried to hurry up and get home before the rain. By the time she got home she was soaked. After taking a hot shower and changing clothes she felt better.

The Garden
Jim had a garden in his backyard. He grew all sorts of things but never could get his tomatoes to grow. One day as he was weeding he came across a caterpillar. Jim looked up the type and found that it ate tomato seeds. With this information he killed them all and could now grow tomatoes.

Used Bike
Samantha needed to buy a bike for college. She hated walking 20 minutes to get to her classes. She browsed the internet for garage sales. She found one that she liked and bought a used red bike. Samantha rode the bike the next day to her class.

Red Light
Jerry tried to move through the traffic. As soon as the light turned red, he made a left turn. As he continued to drive, a cop car followed him. He had to pull his car over. The police officer gave him a ticket with a fine.

The Promotion
Sam had been a hard worker for years. He received several compliments by his bosses. He was sure he would get a promotion soon. Sam kept getting passed over. Eventually he decided to find a new job.

Ice Skating
Bob took me to the skateboarding ring. We put on our skates and joined the skating ring. I struggled to move since I've never skated before. I ended up falling. However, Bob picked me up.

Marching band
Amy was excited about being in her school marching band. They were to march at the homecoming football game. Amy waited nervously to walk onto the field. Amy was unable to keep the pace of the band and play the song. Amy wished she had practiced more.

Going to New York
Bart was a farmer in North Dakota. He was tired of rural life and wanted to move to New York. He sold his farm and packed his bags. He drove cross country until he arrived in New York. He settled down in New York City and lived a happy urban life.

Gross
Kim asked her mother to buy Garbage Pail Kids. Her mother thought they were gross and she wouldn't buy them. Kim decided to wait and ask her dad instead. Her mother came in as she asked her dad and scolded her. Kim was sent to her room by her mother.

School Supplies
Meg loved to get ready for school. Her mom always took her shopping for new school supplies. They bought lots of new folders and pencils. Meg also got new clothes. She could not wait to start school.

Snowboarding Jacket
Jake had to get a new winter jacket. His old one didn't fit anymore. He ordered a new jacket off of Amazon. It arrived in the mail a few days later. When it arrived, Jake tested out the jacket by going snowboarding.

Feeding the cat
Harold's neighbor asked him to watch her cat while she was gone. He went over to her house one day and looked for the cat. The cat came running to Harold as he went to the kitchen to get food. When he went to the kitchen, he saw cat food everywhere. He called his neighbor and told her about the cat's mess.

Gas Price Fall
Amy was driving out of town for a summer holiday. The gas was $2 higher than it was before the summer began. It was the end of the summer and she could wait no longer for her trip. The week after her trip gas prices fell by $2. Amy was annoyed she overpaid for her gas.

The Vacation
The brents were excited to go camping this year. They were all packed and ready to go so they started driving. An hour into their journey they noticed a large group of bears. One bear attempted to charge at their car. They decided to go home instead, and they'd try again next year.

Johnny Signs Up For Facebook
Johnny wanted to get a Facebook like his friends. He created a profile online. He added his profile picture and edited his profile. He added everybody he knew from school. Before he knew it he had over 100 friends!

Going to the convenience store.
I wanted a soda fountain drink. I went outside to walk to the store. After thirty minutes of walking, I saw the convenience store. I went inside and got the soda. I paid for it and enjoyed it.

Tomorrow Never Dies
Bob asked Jane for some money. Jane said that she'd give it to him tomorrow. The next day Bob asked her for the money. She said that tomorrow is always a day away. And Bob punched her in the face.

The Dog
Pete's dog ran away. He looked for him all over town. He put up flyers in all the stores. Pete's dog never came home. Pete was very sad.

Losing Hope
Gina's parents weren't ready to leave Illinois and go home. She thought they would leave when her father came to retrieve them. But he had been back in town 3 full days and they were still here. Gina was starting to panic. She was not excited about the thought of in living in Illinois again.

The Son Arrives
Gina rarely saw anyone go into the house next door. Now there was a middle aged man coming and going. She assumed it was the son of the elderly lady who lived there. One day she saw her mother speaking with the man. She found out his mother was too sick to live alone any longer.

Blanket head
I've always been a girly girl. As a child, I used to want long hair so bad. So, I put a blanket on my head and ran around. I felt like a glamorous woman. I've worn long hair ever since then.

Samantha Turns Pro
Samantha loved to go bowling. She went to the bowling alley by herself on Friday. She scored a perfect game! She was awarded a free t-shirt. She got a sponsorship to become a professional bowler the next day.

Deep Cut
A man was angry at the local government about his tax rate. He took a pick ax to the road to get revenge. The road was soon covered in potholes. A car tried to drive through and flattened all four tires. The man laughed and told the motorist to bill the town.

The Boring Lecture
Kazu had a boring lecture and kept sleeping in class. He failed his test because he was sleeping and missing the notes. Kazu was depressed because he could not stay awake in class. Kazu decided to videotape the lectures with his phone camera. Now, he could review the notes at home and pass the next test.

Buildings
Tom was always good with his hands. He could build almost anything. He decided to get into construction work. Now he helps create things and gets paid for it. He is happy and content.

Little Snowman
We arrived to northern Nevada in early May to visit a friend. The weather was crisp and the sky was covered in grey clouds. I commented about how much it felt like snow weather. Despite everyone disagreeing with me it did snow that night. I enjoyed making a tiny snowman.

Wine tasting
As soon as Tina turned 21 she wanted to attend a wine tasting. She went with her best friends and they were excited. The girls tried about ten different wines. In the end they loved the merlot. The event was a success.

Slip and Slide
It was a scorching hot summer day. Ben's mother set up the slip and slide in the yard. All the kids came over to play. They spent hours outside playing. Before they knew it, it was time for dinner.

Fixing a Computer Problem
Abby was having trouble with her laptop and it was annoying her. She tried everything she could to get it to work. Finally she decided to restart it one last time. To her surprised, restarting it again actually worked. Abby was happy and relieved she got it working again.

Seems Better
The way Gina had taken to the store was jammed with traffic. On her way there she decided to go a different way home. Now it was time to decide if she would or not. As she left the traffic on her first route seemed better. Gina decided she would take the same route back home.

Making corn burritos.
I wanted some corn burritos. I put some beans and tortillas. Then, I rolled them and put them on sticks. Next, I fried the sticks. Finally, I sprinkled cheese on top.

The burnt chicken.
Max was making homemade chicken strips. So far things were going very well and he couldn't wait to eat. Then, he got distracted by his kids for a moment. When he came back, some of the chicken had burned badly. He was really upset at the wasted chicken.

A Residential Street
Gina needed to get out of traffic. She spotted a side street she could turn down. But the side street was still 5 cars up. Gina had to wait for her chance to turn off the street. The only question was to take a left, or a right.

tara
Tara wanted to make more money. She decided that she would buy vending machines. She bought some and put them in various locations. After a year she made enough money to quit her normal job. Today Tara is very wealthy from her vending machines.

The Beach
Me and my friends would go to the beach every summer as teens. We would usually meet guys there. These guys would try to get to know us. However we never had any interest in them. We would always try to find ways to leave.

Custom shoes
Tina needed custom shoes for an event she was attending. She went to the louboutin store to get fitted. She wanted custom black shoes. When they were done she tried them on. They fit perfectly.

Susan
Susan wanted to get in shape and lose weight. She wanted to exercise, but the gym intimidated her. She tried lifting free weights, but she couldn't lift very much! Then she tried plain old walking to get in shape. After a month of daily walking, she'd lost weight and she felt great!

Getting a pedicure.
Queenie was getting married in a day. Before her wedding, she went to get a pedicure. They made her feet all pretty. Then, she chose a color for her nails. It ended up being really relaxing.

Thermos
I woke up early enough to make coffee to take to work with me. I put it in a thermos and went to my car. On the way there I dropped the thermos. The coffee went flying everywhere. I had forgotten to put a lid on it.

The Ponies
There once was a little girl who loved ponies. She would take her ponies outside to play in the yard. One day while playing, the neighbor boy came over. He got angry and kicked her ponies in the mud. The little girl cried as she retrieved them.

50 Keys
Sam went to the storage closet at work to get some supplies. The closet was locked so he took out his keys. Sam went through 25 of his 50 keys before he found the right one. Sam put a strip of tape to mark the key to the storage closet. Now Sam never had to waste time trying to find the key again.

Cindy's Breakdown
Cindy has five children. The children are really rowdy. Cindy tries to get the kids to calm down. The kids refuse to calm down. Cindy decides to go cry in her room.

Roland's Weight Loss Goal
Roland decided he wanted to lose some weight. His roommate said Roland couldn't do it because he was too lazy. Roland ignored his roommate and set up a diet and exercise plan. Roland stuck with his plan and eventually lost twenty pounds. Roland's roommate apologized for doubting Roland.

Yacht party
It was late summer and I decided to go on a yacht party with my friend The boat was filled with about ten other friends. As soon as we got on the boat it was so much fun. We had a great dinner and swam. I could not wait to get back on the yacht.

Gas Tank
Two days ago, Frank promised me five gallon of gasoline for my truck. For two days I've been wondering when he would deliver on his promise. Not twenty minutes ago he came over and knocked on my door. I answered the door and he told me he was going to get the gas. Frank just got back and my truck has a full gas tank.

Fundraising
I agreed to run a local fundraiser for a candidate for office. I gathered the materials and went to the local mall. I set up my equipment and let the invited into the hall. I gave my pitch and asked them for their support. I was happy when we raised the amount we needed.

Mall
Hannah needed some new clothes. She decided to go to the mall. Hours went by before she was done shopping. At home, she looked at the charges on her credit card. She realized she needed to be more careful spending money.

Clara
Clara had resolved to give up regular soda for Lent. She'd never had diet, and she was apprehensive. But her first sip brought a revelation. She liked dirt cola just as much as regular! Clara kept drinking her diet sodas long after Lent ended!

Trumpet
I have been learning to play the trumpet. I am currently third chair in my school band. I am going to practice every night after school to get better. My goal is to move up to second chair this year. I am determined and diligent in practicing and I will be successful.

Lilly's Tea Party
Lilly loves to have tea parties. She invites Becky, her best friend down the street. When Becky comes over, they set up the tea cups around the table. But they know they are missing something, and don't know what. But then they remember, they hadn't gotten the tea from the kitchen!

The Phone Was In The Fish Tank
Dana is so happy he bought the new Galaxy cellphone. It's waterproof and he can hide it from his wife. The other day, Dana hid the phone in their fish tank. His wife woke up and went looking to snoop through his phone calls. She couldn't find the phone and didn't think to check the fish tank.

In the Dark, all Cats are Black
A man's cat went missing. He put flyers up around the neighborhood. The flyers had the cat's picture, and offered a modest reward. Unfortunately for him, all black cats look more or less the same. Dozens of cats were brought to his door, but none were his.

Poptarts
Poptarts are Bill's favorite food. Bill woke up this morning and he was out of them. Bill had to go to the store. On the way, Bill wrecked his car. Now, Bill cannot drive himself to the store for poptarts.

Getting a Portrait Done
Joey and his girlfriend were at the fair and wanted to get a drawing. The two sat down on stools while the artist began to paint them. It had seemed like forever as the two waited patiently for it to end. At the end of the session, Joey took a look at the painting. He was shocked and please at how great it looked.

Nail Salon Day
Penelope was excited to get her nails done for the first time. She picked out a pretty pink color and was excited for this. The technician massaged her hands and started putting on the polish. The two had a nice chat about their days and both had fun. Once the polish dried, Penelope was thrilled with her beautiful nails.

Fire Ants
Bob decided to go to the park. He felt sleepy at the park. He decided to take a nap. While napping, many fire ants bit bob all over his body. Bob was rushed to the emergency room and lived!

Team Morale
Charles has a problem at work. He oversees two employees who are currently upset at each other. Charles needs them to get along and work together to accomplish tasks. He sits them both down and the three of them hash out the issues. Now they get along great and Charles feels much better.

The Bridge
Gina was wide awake watching the road as her sibling slept. She had been cramped up in the backseat for 9 hours. She was ready to arrive at her grandma's house and sleep in a bed. She let out a yelp of excitement. Ahead she could see the bridge leading into town.

Restaurant
Todd went with his friends to hang out. They were really hungry so they went to get burgers. Todd got a double cheeseburger and a milkshake. He ended up getting sick right after. He puked in the bathroom.

Tom and the Door
Tom loved to run around his house. One day, Tom ran into a door. The door almost fell off the hinges. Tom got a large bruise on his side. Tom no longer runs around the house.

Bully
Julie was scared to walk to school but she went anyway. As she rounded a corner she saw Kim. She'd fallen off her bike and was crying. Julie helped her up. She knew she wouldn't be afraid of Kim anymore.

Simon's Field Trip
Simon was in fourth grade and loved to take trips. Eventually, the fourth grade class took a trip to Science Camp. Simon learned lots of new things at camp. Simon was getting homesick, though. When Simon came home, he decided he'd had enough of traveling for now.

Sidecar
Lucius decided to give his mother a ride home on his motorcycle. His mother was top heavy, and so she fell off. Lucius called an ambulance. His mother had broken her wrist, but was otherwise fine. Lucius bought a sidecar in case his mother decided to ride again.

Laser Tag
Bob woke up and realized it was his birthday. He decided to round up his friends. They went to go play laser tag. Bob had a great time! Bob decided to make laser tag a birthday tradition.

Free Sausage Sandwiches
Charles went to the cafe when it was about to close. He ordered a large coffee so he could stay awake and study. But, he told the cashier he was hungry but couldn't afford food. While Charles drank his coffee, the manager walked over to him. He asked Charles if he wanted sausage sandwiches they were trashing?

Bad fall
Kelly decided to go for a run. The weather was amazing. She skipped around. Unfortunately she tripped over a log. She had to get a band aid.

A New Hat for Carlos
Carlos wanted to get a new hat. He went to different stores to see styles and colors of hats. Carlos decided he liked the derby hats best. He tried on different colors and purchased a grey derby hat. Carlos is very pleased with the new hat.

Give It Up
Gina and her friend were playing spades with her siblings. And Gina was losing miserably. She decided she couldn't take another beating. She decided to try and change to another card game. But Gina was the only one who wanted to change the game.

Wait for the Bus
I took the bus to an event a few miles from my apartment. Afterwards, I walked down to the bus stop to wait for the bus. I got tired of waiting and decided to walk to the next bus stop. Before I could get to the next stop, the bus went by. I did this over and over, and ended up walking the whole way home.

Running
Bruce was an athlete. He ran cross country for his high school team. He did not see the point in walking anywhere. He would run all over town. Everyone in the town would see him running everywhere.

Touch of Paris
Jane had awaited the return of her sister. Her sister had just arrived and sat down next to Jane. She took out a bottle and spread out some dirt on the table. Jane felt the earth and thanks her sister for it. Jane always wanted to feel Paris in her hands.

Rail Trick
Danny gained momentum with his skateboard. He was trying to approach a rail. Once he jumped in the air, the skateboard landed on the rail. He feel since his skateboard was grind too fast. Luckily, he got up without any bruises.

Fail
Jane tried for weeks to get her family to eat healthy. So far it was a failure. She decided to compromise. She made black bean burgers and sweet potato fries. She was elated to see her kids eat all of their food.

Hotdogs
Anthony likes hotdogs. One day he decided to eat a hotdog. He put the hotdog in a bun with ketchup. There was a hair in the hotdog. Anthony does not like hotdogs anymore.

Sue
Sue has a large house in the country. She wants to sell the house and move into town to be closer to work. She found a house in the city but is weary of all the noise and crime. Sue finally sold the house in the country and lives in town. She is happy she is in town now.

Chautauqua audition
I am a violinist and take many auditions. Last summer I took an audition for the Chautauqua Symphony. The day of the audition my hands hurt from over playing. I was not confident but played my best. Fortunately I performed well and won the audition!

Condo Sale
We put our condo up for sale in 2013. We had an open house. Several people attended. We got only one offer. It was lower than our asking price but we accepted it.

Tony Robbins
Austin was very depressed with his job and girlfriend lately. So his best friend told him about Tony Robbins Zach was skeptical, but decided to go see him this weekend. Zach loved him so much, he took 10 pages of notes! One month later, Zach was happy with his job and girlfriend.

Little Cowboy
Billy always wanted to be a cowboy. To celebrate his tenth birthday his dad took him to a dude ranch. The first time he tried to get on a horse he fell off. The next time he got on with no problem. He spent the rest of the weekend riding like a pro.

Little Brother
The other day I was babysitting my little brother. He was being really bratty. I told him he would have to go to sleep if he didn't behave. He continued acting up. I had to make him go to sleep early and he resented me for it.

New Pajamas
Ted went to the store. He was going to get himself something special. He looked at a variety of items, when he spotted some pajamas. He bought them and drove home. He slipped them on and felt content with his purchase.

Death by motorcycle
My friend was riding on the back of her boyfriend's motorcycle. They were going up a hill on the freeway. Her boyfriend hit the gas to help them get up the hill. My friend didn't have a good grasp and fell off the back of the bike. A lady accidentally then ran her over with her car and killed her.

Security Triple Check
Ted made sure he had nothing metal in his pockets. He approached the first security check and passed through with ease. Then he had to go through another similar check at the terminal. A third security check presented itself at his gate. Ted went through the 3 checks and felt a bit annoyed.

Bike Ride
I went on a bike ride with my best friend. We decided to take a nature trail. The trail was beautiful. We saw many birds and beautiful plants. When we got home, we agreed it was the best ride we had ever taken.

Andrew goes to the bar.
Andrew feels very lonely. He decides to go to the bar and have a drink. He strikes up a conversation with the bartender. They realize they have a lot in common. Andrew and the bartender decide to become friends!

Bumper Cars
John was finally old enough to ride the bumper cars at the fair alone. He always had to be a passenger. Now he could drive at last. He spent the entire time chasing down his big brother. As soon as the ride was over he got back in line for more.

Restroom Break
Alice really needed to go to the bathroom. Unfortunately she was in the middle of an important meeting. Finally she couldn't hold it and ran out. She was too embarrassed to go back. Instead she said she was sick and went to the doctor.

Busted
Lena is caught shoplifting from Macy's. Security places her in a holding cell. One of the officers proposition her in return for her freedom. Lena contemplates the offer. The officer wants Lena to tell on her friend, Lena declines.

Brian Gets a Haircut
Brian notices that his hair has become unruly and long. Although he likes his long hair, he is afraid his boss does not. He decides to get his hair cut. After the haircut, Brian feels a little diminished. However, his boss compliments him on his neat new look.

Church Service
My friend invited me to go to church today. Although I was hesitant, I accepted her offer and came on Sunday. The people were very kind to me during the service. The pastor also took an hour of his time to get to know me. When I walked out, I was extremely happy.

Home
Stephanie was away from home. She did not have a ride or money. She called the cops. One felt bad for her. The cop gave her money.

The classroom party.
Diane was in charge of her child's school pizza party. She set up pizza and snacks in the classroom. She also prepared some fun games for the kids. The kids enjoyed the party after coming in for recess. At the end of the party, the kids went home for the day.

Lily's Drunk Husband
Lily asked her drunk husband for some assistance in the kitchen. Her husband stumbled about, messing things up. Lily told him to go back to the living room. She didn't want him getting hurt. Lily was very upset with him for being so intoxicated.

Baker Vacation
The Bakers were excited for their annual family vacation. This year they decided to go to the Grand Canyon. They took a rental car so that they could enjoy the ride together. They arrived a few day later and checked into their hotels. The week was so much fun and memories were made for them.

The Wake Up Call
Charles was 14-years-old and had been in Mexico for 30 days. It was time to return home, so he checked into a hotel. He arranged a six in the morning wake up call. The hotel workers didn't make the call. Charles missed his flight and had to buy another night in the hotel.

QB
Robert was a running back for his whole career. When he hurt his knee he was unable to run as fast as before. His coach decided to make him a quarterback instead. Robert tried his best but just couldn't play the position well. Robert eventually quit playing football.

Tying Shoes
Ken didn't know how to tie his shoes properly. His father tried to show him different ways to do it. Ken still didn't get it. He had to go to his mother. She taught him how to do it easily.

Training
Tom was a new employee at a company. He was required to go through a training period. Part of the training including listening to a reading of policies. He found them very boring. He yawned and fell asleep during the training class.

The Strike
All the big kids were getting strikes at the bowling alley. Five year of Bobby wanted to get one too but he just couldn't. One of the workers noticed and put the bumpers up for Bobby. On his next roll the ball went towards the gutter but hit the bumper. It went back to the center of the alley, getting Bobby his strike!

Learning to ride
Penelope wanted a new bike. She had to learn how to ride without training wheels first. So her dad took her out to learn on Sunday afternoon. She rode up and down the road with her dad. By the end of the afternoon she could ride a two wheel bike.

Alex believes in change
Alex had a jar full of change. He decided to go to a machine that would count his change for cash. Alex was surprised to learn that he had over $35! He was not happy to learn that the machine charged him a service fee. Alex walked away with only $27.

Canceled flight
Yesterday I went on a flight to Dallas. I got on the plane and everything seemed fine. However to my dismay, we were told to get off the plane. The plane had an issue. They then gave me a refund.

Back Pain
Yesterday, my back hurt. My friend Jake told me to go see his chiropractor. I was apprehensive at first, but I went anyway. The chiropractor cracked my back in three places. Afterwards, my back never felt better.

Strong Legs
Damon lost his driving privileges and had to walk everywhere. All summer long, he walked all over town to to things. He walked to friends' houses and to baseball practice. He hated doing it, but had no choice. By the end of summer, Damon had lost 15 pounds.

Skating Lessons
I took ice skating lessons as a child but never learned. I still wanted to take lessons when I became an adult. The local rink offered skating lessons so I enrolled. I went to class every week and practiced as well. I learned how to skate.

Gas Price Rise
Amy wanted to drive out of town for a summer holiday. She planned her trip out for weeks. The day before her trip she was driving past a gas station. The gas had risen $2 a gallon. Amy decided to postpone her trip for awhile.

Romanticism
Rhonda wasn't happy in her relationship, as it was dull. She told her boyfriend to spice it up. He took her on a horse and carriage ride with roses in the seat. Then, he arranged a park picnic with chocolate strawberry desserts. She was so impressed, she proposed to him the next day.

Sam
Sam wanted to bond with his dad. He tried starting conversations, but that never worked. Then he asked his dad to take him hunting. The two males spent a weekend alone in the woods together. When they returned, they were as close as brothers!

Clutch Moment
The kicker started to move into a position. He ran towards the ball to kick it. The wind pushed it to the left. Although it touched the pole of the goal post, it didn't go in. The final seconds of the game expired and the kicker's team lost.

Untied
Mike always forgot to tie his shoelaces. But fortunately, he didn't go outside that often. One day, he needed to drive to the market though. He was able to walk down the stairs safely. But later, his laces got caught on his accelerator pedal.

Roller Coaster
I was so excited to ride my first roller coaster! I waited almost two hours in line just to get onto the ride. It took forever to get everyone loaded and buckled in. Our car went up and down and round and round. It was over much too soon.

The Long Road Home
Mark was driving down the long dusty road to his house. Even at a cruise it would take about an hour. Suddenly, he spotted an injured deer by the side of the road. He stopped and helped the deer. He felt good, even if he was going to be late getting home.

Dog Park
Today I took my dog to the dog park. First we walked for 20 minutes to get there. Then I let him run around for half an hour. The other dogs ran around with him. Then we came home.

Watching Cartoons
Sam was watching cartoons alone. His girlfriend walked into the room. She told him to get a job. He ignored her and kept watching cartoons. He didn't realize she was moving out.

Bunny Slope
Bryant went skiing for the first time ever. His wife tried to make him go down the intermediate slope. Bryant got to the top of the hill and decided to walk back down. He got to the bottom and swore he'd never go up there again. He spent the rest of the day on the bunny slopes.

I Quit
Jason has two employees that he was in charge of at work. Once day these two employees got into a big argument. Bill approached the fight and told them he needs them to get along. One of the employees quit on the spot and left. Jason was shocked and now upset because he is down an employee.

Applying for a Job
I had an interview with a recruiting firm scheduled. I woke up early the day of the interview. I put on my best suit. I eagerly traveled to the interview that was only 10 minutes away. My interview went very well!

Baby Bottle
I woke up one morning and my newborn baby was screaming. My wife checked his diaper, but it appeared to be fine. She asked me if I could go and make a bottle for the baby. I left the room and walked to the kitchen and prepared a bottle. I came back, gave the baby the bottle, and then the screaming stopped.

Good Cover Up
Gina's friend Tami wanted to know where Gina was going. Gina was trying to get close to her crush Jamie. But she didn't wanted to keep it private. Time was running out, so she pretended to be walking for exercise. To her dismay Tami decided to join her.

Roger goes to bed
Roger loved stories. His mom told him a scary story before bed. Roger grew scared and couldn't go to sleep. He decided to call for his mother. Noone answered.

Horse Riding
Florian wanted to ride a horse. He considered lessons. He decided that lessons would be too expensive. He rode a pony ride at a carnival. Florian figured that was close enough.

Game Changer
Marcus practiced very hard to improve his basketball skills. His coach did not place him in very many games. Marcus still tried his best at practice. At the state championship his coach let him play. Marcus scored the winning shot, winning the championship.

The little frog
I found a frog on the edge of a pond today. I thought for a second, that I'd take it home. But then I realized I'd have no place to keep it. I thought that maybe he wanted to stay here after all. I said goodbye, and went on my way.

Rohit Makes New Friends
Rohit is very nervous about moving to Boston. It is his first time living in a big city. He decides to take a cooking class to begin meeting people. Rohit makes many friends through his cooking class. He decides there was no reason to feel nervous about Boston.

Winter Vacation
John was very happy when the weekend came this week. He had a snowboarding trip to go on. He was gone all weekend. John and his friends had a blast snowboarding. He had even taken a day off from work on Monday for it.

Frank and Beans
Frank set out to develop a taste for beans. He had spent most of his life avoiding them. He tried black beans, and did not like them. He tried pinto beans, and did like them. Frank was gratified to have tried something new.

Logan's Mistake
Logan was making lunch at home. He poured himself a large glass of milk to go with his lunch. Logan didn't check the expiration date of the milk. The milk tasted okay, but was in fact spoiled. Logan became very ill and was sick for three days.

Diane Goes to the Library
Diane realizes that she spends almost every Sunday at home alone. She wishes she had something to do on Sundays. One Sunday she decides to go to the library to read. She reads a book about The Civil War. Diane is happy that she has spent a Sunday away from home.

Thomas Gets a Cat
Thomas wanted to get a cat to keep him company. He drove to the pet store on the weekend. At the pet store he saw many cute cats. He bought a black one. Now Thomas is happy with his cat, Fred.

Trip to California
Ian could not wait to got to Hollywood for the first time. He got on plane with intense excitement and could not wait to land. The plane ride was somewhat long but Ian took a long nap. Once the plane landed, Ian raced into the airport to find his cousins. When they got outside, Ian took a deep breath of the nice Cali air.

Slip and Slide
It was so hot outside! Bobby wanted to stay in the air conditioning. But his mother insisted he go outside. She set up his slip and slide for him and his friends. It was dinner time before they knew it!

Doves cry
Lisa had a nice pond outside her house. She decided to be exotic and adopt a dove. She adopted the dove and put it in her pond the next day. The dove was very sad and lonesome without a playmate. She adopted another dove and her first one fell in love instantly.

Swimming Pool
Jeremy wanted to go swimming one day. He put on his swimming trunks and went to his backyard. When he walked over to his pool, he noticed that the water was dirty. Jeremy grabbed his pool cleaner and cleaned out the mess. After cleaning out the leaves, Jeremy jumped into his pool to swim.

The Rare game
Ben really wanted a video game that had become very rare. He looked online but could not find it anywhere. Out of desperation, Ben decided to drive to a local thrift shop. After arriving, Ben walked over to the video game section. To his astonishment, Ben found the game he had been looking for.

Vitamins
Liz is a health nut. She always tells her friends what they should do to stay healthy. Her latest kick is vitamins. She takes multivitamins everyday. Liz is determined to stay healthy.

Snakes
Timmy went on a camping trip. His mother told him to be careful. Timmy thought he was big enough to take care of himself. He wandered into a snake pit. After that, Timmy was always more careful when camping.

School Bus
I was waiting for the school bus. For some reason, it was late. After thirty minutes, it hadn't come so I decided to run to school. When I got to school the teacher gave me detention for being late. I tried to explain but she extended my detention for trying to argue.

Party
Kay wanted to throw a dinner party. Her husband agreed and invited their friends. Kay made sure everything was perfect! The day after the party, all her friends called her. They told her they had had a wonderful time!

Marissa Tries on Clothes
Marissa is in a bridal party for a wedding. Marissa needs to get a dress for the wedding. Marissa goes to 5 different stores. She tries on dresses at all 5 stores. At the fifth store she finally buys a dress.

Exam
Molly studied all night for her exam next week. Her friends asked her to go to a party the night before the exam. She said yes, and was out partying all night. She overslept her alarm the next day, and missed the exam. Molly says she will never party again in college.

BloodSport
Jim was a hunter, but didn't always eat his kill. He sometimes hunted just for sport. One day, he attempted to get his largest kill, a moose. He missed his shot and the moose attacked him brutally. He ran away scared and decided to only hunt for food after that.

Piano jitters
Tim had his first piano recital today. He was incredibly scared to go on stage. Tim was terrified he would mess up. Thankfully though, Tim didn't miss a beat. He ended up doing great.

Paper
Sam was an office worker. Sam would occasionally work from home. Sam would hold sensitive work documents at home. Sam thought he should buy a paper shredder to be safe. Sam used the shredder on every document and felt smart to do that.

Step in the Wrong Area
A group of flies were chasing Dan to the shoreline. He accidentally tripped on a rock and fell into the shore. Several insects managed to get inside of his pants. They were biting my legs to a large extent. Ultimately, I had to run out of the water

Kayak race.
Yesterday I went to the state park to go kayaking. My friends and I decided to participate in a race. We raced as fast as we could around the rock. Finally I ended up winning. I was thrilled.

Going Home
Roger lives in Texas but is from New York. He has not been back home to visit for over seven Years. Roger drives the hundreds of miles to return home. He visits with friends and family that he hasn't see in Years. After staying for almost three weeks, Roger heads back to Texas.

Halloween
It was almost Halloween and they didn't know what they'd be. They went to the store to look at costumes. They looked online to get ideas for couples. They eventually decided on something they thought would work. They decided they would be Mary Poppins and Bert.

Awake
Lucy's grandpa was napping on the couch. She needed a ride to a friends house. It had been an hour and he was still asleep. Lucy knew she would be in trouble if she woke him up. She decided it would be better to wait than get in trouble.

Sandcastles
The Johnsons always enjoyed their trips to the beach. Sandy Johnson loved to walk on the beach with her husband. The children built many sandcastles and one year a contest was held. Many castles were built by many children, but the Johnsons won. A photo of the castle of taken and printed in a famous magazine.

Lost
Ben was on a hike one day. Suddenly, he realized he was lost! He tried to stay calm and remember what to do. He stayed put so rescuers could find him. Thankfully, Ben's friends found him very soon.

Getting a portrait done
My family wanted to get a portrait done. At first I was hesitant but agreed. The artist sat us down to paint. When she painted it felt like hours. Finally when she was done we could relax.

Cleaning a lense.
Vickie's camera was dirty. She put some cleaning fluid on it. Then, she used a cloth to wipe it. There were a few spots left. After finishing the last spots, the camera was clean.

Apple picking
It was a beautiful fall day and the Smiths went apple picking. They traveled to their favorite orchard. It took about an hour to get there but it was worth it. As soon as they got there they started picking. But the time they were done they picked 100 apples.

A New Friend
Ike often liked to take walks alone. During one walk, he heard a cry come from the inside of an alley. Ike went to investigate and saw a small cat. He gave it some dried fish and pet it as it purred. Now, sometimes on his walks, the cat follows Ike around.

Love
I decided to go to the store. I hopped in the car and went to my local grocer. As I shopped for items, I noticed my ex-boyfriend looking around. I ducked and dashed around the store until he was out of sight. Eventually, I lost him and quickly drove home.

Oliver Finds His Keys
Oliver prepares to leave the house when he realizes he lost his keys. He checks all of his pockets but his keys aren't there. Finally he sees his keys on the coffee table. Oliver remembers putting them there after checking the mail. Now he is ready to leave the house.

The Bar Girl
Dan was having a bad day. He decided to go to the bar to feel better. At the bar, he met a girl who he was attracted to. They talked for an hour and had a lot in common. Dan asked her on a date and afterwards they started dating.

Charlie's Bug Hunt
Charlie went into the woods to find some insects. He brought his net to catch them with. After an hour he still hadn't found any interesting bugs. Then he found a praying mantis up in a tree! Charlie decided to leave the mantis in the wild.

Rollercoaster Ride
Molly is going to the amusement park today! She is nervous because she has never been on a rollercoaster. Johnny tells Molly to ride the one that goes upside down first. On the rollercoaster, Molly is so scared that she gets sick. Molly puked all over Johnny!

Full steam
The captain of the new steamship wanted to  test it out. He commanded the engine crew to go full steam. The ship sailed across the sea faster than anyone ever went. The captain then commanded a hard turning maneuver. The boat tilted hard but performed admirably throughout.

Ham
Joe was walking down the street and saw a homeless man. The homeless man begged him for money. Joe didn't give him money but felt bad he didn't help him. The next day Joe bought a ham and brought it to the homeless man. Joe no longer felt bad about the homeless man.

Brunch time
Luanne was going to meet the girls for brunch today. She was excited to finally get to seem them after about a year. The girls met at their favorite spot around the corner. The all ordered a large feast and loved it. The girls were so happy to see each other again.

Tunnel Vision
Alice loved to drive her car through a certain tunnel in the road. She went out of her way to drive through it on her current trip. She drove very slow through it to make it last. When she got out she felt sad that it was over. Alice thought about the next time she could drive through.

Sandy Collection
Sarah loves to visit beaches. When Sarah visits a new beach she brings home sand from that beach. Sarah's sand collection is getting really big. She decided to give some of her sang to her nephew. This made Sarah's Nephew very happy.

Sledding
Jim was sledding with his friend Anthony. Anthony dared him to go down the big hill. Jim took up the dare and as he was going he fell out of the sled. Jim rolled a few times as the unmanned sled flew into the river. Jim was ok, and the two of them went home for the day.

Making the Rent
Sue was depressed because she was about to get evicted. She was unemployed and had to come up with a few hundred dollars. She asked her family and friends with no avail. Finally Sue had enough and decided to buy a lottery ticket. She won $500 which helped her from not getting evicted.

A Clean Catch With Mimi
There are two things my Grandma is famous for in my family. The first is that she expects you to wash your hands a lot. The second is that she loves to play catch with a tennis ball. So my childhood was an endless game of catch followed by hand washing. I don't think there is anything better than clean hands after a catch.

Loud Fan
It was a hot day. So Jim put his fan on its highest setting. But eventually, the fan's noise became unbearable. Jim didn't have enough money to buy a better fan. So he wore earplugs the rest of the day.

Lisa's Bad Decision
Lisa wanted to go swimming, but the sign said the water wasn't safe. Lisa decided to go swimming anyway. She almost drowned in the current. Lisa made it back to the shore safely, but she learned a big lesson. She wouldn't swim in unsafe water again.

The Best Bully Dog
Dana has a cute dog called a Bully Dog. He took off work last Saturday and entered his dog into a contest. Dana felt out of place as a white guy at a show with mostly blacks. His dogged behaved surprisingly well in the show with other dogs. Dana's dog won a first place prize for best Bully Dog.

Too Scary
Taylor was walking around the neighborhood. A large bulldog was resting near his dog house. Taylor was scared to walk past it. Therefore, he walked slowly around it. It woke up for an instant but went back to sleep afterwards.

Dad Jokes
Ryan was playing catch in the road. All of a sudden car came speeding through and ran him over. Ryan yelled loudly to his dad he was bleeding. His dad runs out as fast as he can with a smile on his face. He then yells out to Ryan hey bleeding, I'm dad.

Anna and Her Mother
Anna's mother wanted to take Anna out shopping. She took her to the mall. They visited many stores. Anna got a new dress and her mother got herself a perfume. They had a wonderful day.

Irene
Irene was sad that her family had to move out of her childhood home. Before they left, she buried a tiny pinecone in the ground. She vowed to come back one day and reclaim her childhood souvenir. As an adult, Irene remembered the pinecone and went to dig it up. But there, in front of her old home, was a ten-foot-tall pine tree!

Adopting a cat
My friend's cat had kittens. My friend tried to find people to take the kittens. I decided that I would take one. I drove to her house to pick up the cat. I brought her back home and she was very happy.

Sleepy
Amy and her niece and nephew had been for a long walk. The children had a leaf fight that fall afternoon. When they returned to her mother's the kids ate dinner. Amy was surprised to see they had fallen asleep soon after eating. She went to say goodbye and removed a leaf still in her niece's hair.

Mardi Gras
I decided to go to Mardi Gras. I took three of my friends. We made the 2 hour drive to New Orleans. We went to one parade. What we saw was unforgettable.

Paul loves Batman
Paul likes to collect comic books. One of his favorites is Batman. Paul has over 500 Batman comic books. He keeps his books inside of plastic bags with cardboard backs. Paul won't let anyone touch them without gloves.

Second Thoughts
Mitch was playing hide-and-go-seek with his friends. He was running out of time to find a place to hide. In desperation he jumped into a trash can. The trash can smelled so bad that Mitch left hiding. The child seeking Mitch found him by the smell.

Bathroom
The Garcia's bathroom was in terrible shape. They put off fixing it for a long time. They could not even use it. They finally finished it. His wife is so happy to have two bathrooms again!

Lipstick
The woman walking down the street reached into her bag. She pulled out her lipstick. She put it on her lips. She placed it back into her bag. The lipstick remained in her purse for the rest of her walk.

Names
Aura had been homeschooled all eleven years of her life. She was afraid to transfer to public school. She feared the other kids would make fun of her unique name. But on her first day, she met a Rain, a Blossom, and a Heaven! Aura made lots of new friends with unique names just like hers!

Wet Floor
I was cleaning the apartment yesterday. I had just finished mopping when my wife got home from work. I didn't get the chance to tell her. She walked in and slipped right away. Luckily she wasn't hurt but I still apologized.

Sleep
Alaina was a very sleepy baby. She would not sleep unless her mom was holding her. Her mother really wanted to take a shower. She put Alaina down in her crib. Alaina began to relentlessly cry for her mother.

Jamie Goes to College
Jamie never thought that she would attend college. None of her friends or family members studied past high school. However, he social studies teacher encourages her to apply to college. Finally she is accepted at the local state university. Jamie is proud that she will be attending college next fall.

Dinner
Tonight I decide to cook dinner early. We had a big game and I wanted to make sure we had food. After the game everyone decide to go out for Dinner. I forgot all about the food I had made. When we got home it was cold and we couldn't eat it.

Gertrude Is Too Cold
Gertrude's friends are throwing a dinner party in Queens. Gertrude always loves to catch up with her friends. She picks out an outfit and prepares to go to the party . However, she feels it is so cold outside she cannot go anywhere. Gertrude feels sad to miss seeing her friends because of the weather.

Chipmunk on Bed
In the morning, I would let the dog out and go back to bed. I would leave the door unlatched so that he could get back in. After a few minutes, he would come back in and hop on the bed. He would sit on the bed until I finally got up. This continued until the day he came back in with a dead chipmunk.

The contact test.
Madison was getting contacts for the first time. Before she could go she had to pass a test. She needed to prove that she could put the contacts in herself. She was having a really hard time and was getting frustrated. Luckily, she was finally able to do it.

Bungee Jumping
Barry decided to go Bungee Jumping. He flew out to Argentina to bungee jump in Patagonia. He hired a guide to take him to a cliff and assist him. Barry was scared but he decided to jump anyways. The bungee cord snapped and Barry fell to his death.

Sawdust
Bob set a thick slab of wood on his workbench. He took his electric saw and cut down the middle. Sawdust began to fly in every direction. Bob had to stop to clear away the dust. He put all the sawdust in his garbage can.

Blue Light Panic
Gina has to walk to the other side of campus late at night. About halfway there she notices a 40 year old man following her. She freaks out and pulls one of the school's panic lights. The 50 year old man identifies himself as campus security. Gina is embarrassed but relieved.

The Call
Two referees watched the same play take place on a football field. One ref though it was holding and the other thought it was nothing. They argued loudly for everyone to hear. They got in each other's faces in a heated debate. One ref punch the other and asked if that was a foul too.

Haunted Curiosity
Lonnie was a ghost hunter and wanted to go a haunted mansion. The mansion was the most haunted in Colorado. He walked around downstairs, and quickly heard screaming and yelling. He ran upstairs, and the door slammed behind him, with a scary laugh. He decided that was enough, so he turn around and ran out.

A Healthy Choice
Lana had put on a lot of weight after having the baby. Her self image had become very low. She vowed to make a positive change in her life. She joined a yoga class than met 3 days a week. Now websites use pictures of her in her yoga pants as advertising.

The Dial
I walked over to the thermostat and set it to 65 degrees. My wife did not realize until later that it was no longer so warm. She quickly began to complain and accused me of lowering it. I pretended to not know anything about the situation. She bundled herself up in blankets and believed my lie.

Wrong Target
My brother and I were having a water balloon war. He was bombing me by dropping them over the second floor banister. I laid in wait for him behind a corner with a huge water balloon. I heard footsteps approaching. It was too late when I threw the balloon and realized it was my dad!

Sarah teaches her friend how to swim
One day Sarah went to the beach with her friends It was a gorgeous sunny day! Sarah's friend was afraid to go in the water She told Sarah she couldn't swim Sarah spent all day teaching her friend how to swim.

Long Road
Megan drove her car on top of a very big hill. She hit the gas as she began to go downhill. She was zooming past all the other cars on the road. Once the road leveled out Megan slowed down. She never felt more alive than in that moment.

Dogs
The Smith family has four little dogs. They run up and down the fence in the backyard barking at other dogs. When it rains they are in the mud and bring it in the house. Pam bought stones to line up along the fence and installed them. Now when it rains, the mud is left outside and not brought in.

Mary Picks Flowers
Mary loved flowers. She decided to go to the park. She smelled all the flowers growing in the field. She picked a few flowers and brought them home. She placed the flowers in a vase with water.

Practice
Corwin learned to play Hot Cross Buns on the recorder. He practiced and practiced, working to get better. One afternoon, he spent a whole hour playing his music. On Friday, he played the song for his music teacher at school. He was really proud of himself for playing every note perfectly!

Broken outlet
Alicia was trying to plug in her phone. Unfortunately was not working. She tried to get it working but wouldn't work. Finally Alicia got it working. Turns out it was broken before.

Copenhagen
Dal was a country girl from rural Denmark. When she turned 18, she vowed to see the big city. She set out for Denmark's capital city, Copenhagen. Dal arrived and immediately fell in love with the big city. She knew Copenhagen was going to be her future home!

Interview
The boss told Diana to take a seat. He began to ask some background questions about her. He also asked how the job can benefit with someone like her. In the most straightforward tone, Diana replied with confidence. At the end of the day, the boss gave her the job.

Cannabis
The narrator said he the perfect cure for everything that ails us. My head hurt but I sat closer to the television to listen better. I ordered the samplers trial package to get rid of the headaches. I tried mixing the headache cure package in my brownie mix. Now I no longer have headaches but I cannot keep snacks in the house.

School Play
Jake was very tired from working a ten hour day. He had to go to his son's school play that night. He was so tired that he didn't know how he was going to stay up. He bought and drank an energy drink on the way home from work. He was then able to stay awake through the entire play.

Hiking in Maine
Jason decides to get more exercise. He chooses to go hiking in the woods. Hi hikes for five miles and his legs get sore. Jason has to rest for a while. Finally rested, Jason hikes home.

Shiny things
Patty is like a magpie. She loves to collect beautiful jewelry. She went to the store intending to get a jacket. A gorgeous bauble caught her eye. She bought it and added it to her collection.

Dog
Tim had a dog that was a black lab. Tim's friend was a local dog whisperer. Tim's friend informed him that his dog needed to run more. Tim decided to take up running. Tim began running with the dog and they both began to feel happier.

Tv marathon
I was sick yesterday. I decided to stay in bed and watch a marathon. I loved watching the runners on television. Thankfully the person I was rooting for won. I was thrilled

Best Time Ever
Paul decided he wanted to visit Africa more than anything else. He researched a lot and settled on a destination. He obtained a passport. Then, he packed his bags and got his ticket. Because he planned well, he enjoyed the vacation of his life.

The Race Fall
In the last mile of a marathon only two runners were in contention. They began to pick up their pace and run even faster. One runner slipped on the ground and tripped the other. They both tumbled and fell on the ground. They rested for a few second before getting back up.

New Recruit
John's buddy was nervous about going to the Navy recruiter. John tagged along as a favor to his pal. The pal asked John to go through the test and physical too. When they were done, the recruiter extended his hand. He congratulated John for making it into the Navy.

Getting rained on
My friend invited me over to his house. I put on my clothes and went outside. I began to walk down the sidewalk. I noticed the wind picked up and it began to rain. I ran to my friends house covered in water.

working out
Jeremy is a skinny guy. He looked at all these images of hot guys. He decided to lift weights. He did it for 2 weeks straight. He ended up giving up.

Ice Ice Baby
Dan had been wanting to take his girlfriend out for a date. He noticed that an ice skating rink opened up downtown, He took her to the rink to go skating. Dan had never been ice skating before, so he fell down a lot. He decided that next time, he would take his girlfriend to the zoo.

The Riverboat Fund
I've always wanted to ride on a river boat. The kind with the big water wheel that went on the Mississippi river. I saw one once in an old movie. I guess the water wheel doesn't change much but I bet it's more quiet. I'm saving my money to ride one if I ever get the chance.

Sushi lunch
I went to the new sushi restaurant for lunch. I was given an estimated wait time of thirty minutes. While I was waiting, I ran into my boss. My boss then invited me to join her at her table for lunch. Not wanting to be rude, I joined her and her friends for lunch.

Bad Cat
There was a storm where Lucy lived. And she saw a cat soaked in rainy. So she decided to take it inside. The cat was so adorable that she decided to keep it. But when she woke up the next day, her couch and carpet were torn.

TV Profit
Reg and his grandma were watching TV. A religious Evangelist came on the screen. He told everyone with sickness to put their hands on the screen. Reg's grandma made him put his hands on the screen. The TV man did not heal him of his asthma.

Cold steak
Jim heated his charcoal grill. He was too impatient to wait long enough for it to be very hot. He tossed on some steaks and cooked them. Soon after he served them to his friends. They cut into them and saw they were very rare.

Plan
Gina had to get her phone back before her mom found out. But the teacher insisted a parent had to pick it up. Gina called her friend Pam who had also had a phone taken. Pam told Gina the teacher would never return her phone. Gina hung up more depressed than ever.

Big Wave
Three friends rode their jet skis down the coast of New Jersey. There was a big wave that they all managed to ride on together. One friend fell off and made a great splash. The other two circled back and rescued him. They were more cautious after that.

Sam's accident
Sam was rushing to get to work since he was late. He ran to his car, forgetting to call his office. On the highway he tried to get hold of his secretary. He was distracted by trying to make his phone call. Because of his distraction, he got into a wreck and died.

Slick rick
Rick was great with the ladies. He always knew what to say And how to approach different females. But it is now many Years past his prime. He lives alone now as an old man.

Sick Dog
Ziggy the dog seemed listless this morning. He did not run and play like he usually does. A few minutes ago he started retching. He threw up a yellowish substance on the floor. He seems better now and is acting like his old self again.

Making a smoothie.
Allen was making a smoothie. He put some ice in a blender. Then, he added some milk. Next, he added fruit. Then, he blended it together.

Elephant ride
Ken wanted to ride an elephant. He saw a sign at the circus advertising elephant rides. He went to the advertised area and paid his fee. They put him on an elephant and let him ride around for ten minutes. Ken whooped and hollered with joy like a small boy!

New Phone
I really wanted a new phone. I decided I'd get an apple phone. I went to the store to buy and iPhone 6. They didn't have any in stock. I didn't get my phone that day.

Christmas Shopping
Bob wanted to buy Christmas presents for his family. He was too poor. He decided to get money from Amazon Mechanical Turk. He worked on Mechanical Turk for three months. Finally, he saved up enough money for Christmas presents.

Field Day
Bob's favorite part of field day was the snowcones. But he had to participate in some events too. He chose dodgeball thinking he'd get out fast and be able to relax. Much to his surprise he was good at it! He ended up coming in second place.

bus explorer
Jake bought an all-day pass on the city bus. He climbed aboard and rode from one stop to another. At each part of town, he disembarked and got off. There he explored the restaurants and architecture in that area. Jake was able to see a lot of new interesting things that way.

Foreshadowing
On the reading exam, Timmy purposely slept during the entire test. The next day, he was pulled out of his class to go to another class. The instructor announced that this is a reading session. Timmy became mad when he founded out that this class lasts all year. He slammed the door on the way out.

Terrible Prank
I put a small plastic spider in my brother's tea as a prank. The following day, he put the spider in my underwear drawer. I decided I needed really serious revenge. I put the plastic spider just inside the shower before he got in. To my horror, he screamed and slipped, breaking his collarbone!

Max and the Cat
Max sees a cat through the window, and runs outside. The cat runs away. He decides to hide and wait for the cat to come back. He falls asleep under a tree. The cat lays next to him under the tree.

Money down the drain
Sally wanted to go to a concert. She decided to go ahead and buy tickets. Her friends promised they would buy tickets too. However, the concert sold out and they did not. Sally ended up not going and wasted her money.

Mother
Stephanie has a new baby. The baby cries every time she sets it down. She tries everything to get the baby happy. Finally, the baby falls asleep. Stephanie is happy to be able to sleep too.

A Lonely Morning
Sharon slept right through her alarm clock! She was dreaming of the ocean and how the waves sounded. She didn't even hear her family leave for church. When she woke up and everyone was gone she was afraid. She couldn't believe they had gone without her!

The Estimate
The contractor came to Greg's house to give an estimate. The contractor looked at Greg's broken windows and thought. He wrote down a number on paper and handed it to Greg. Greg saw the number and gasped. He told the contractor that he's a crook and to leave.

Old School
Chad recently decided to take a speaking engagement at his old school. Chad was glad for the opportunity to speak to high schoolers. However, Chad was a bit nervous about what to say to them. Chad decided he would tell them about the realities of life in society Chad could not wait to give his speech to the students.

Bluff
Rex played poker once a week with his friends, all but Alex. Rex knew he didn't know how to play but forced Alex to come. Rex explained the game and told everyone to go easy. Alex won the whole pot within an hour, shocking everyone but himself. Alex had really been training for Year's to pull of his biggest bluff.

Tulips
Grace loved tulips. Her husband wanted to surprise her. One day in the fall he planted a bunch of tulip bulbs. Finally in the spring they all bloomed. He showed Grace her surprise and she loved them!

Follower
Hannah dumped her boyfriend before she left school. While she was riding the bus home, he followed the bus with his car. In addition, he tried to drive around her when she got out of the bus. Hannah was furious and threatened him. As soon as she started to call the cops, he left.

Pick-Pocket
Henry walked towards the bus station. He sat down to wait for the bus. A man from the crowd walked behind him. In addition, he took Henry's wallet from his pocket. He notice until he needed to buy something and searched for it.

Balloon boy
Clay was walking on the street when he saw a balloon in the sky. He thought that if he chased it he could get it. Clay ran in the direction of this balloon that was descending. After a half mile chase it was within his reach. Clay dove at the balloon and held it tight.

Soda Cans
James collected soda cans. Wherever he went he would find them and store the cans in the garage. One day his mom asked if he was going to return them for cash. James didn't realize that the cans were worth money. James now owns a recycling business.

moving home
Paige moved out when she was old enough to pay for her apartment. After one year she struggled to pay the rent each month. She asked her parents if she could move back in soon. They had used her room and it was no longer available. They had to buy bunk beds so that there was room for Paige again.

Glen goes vroom
Glen's car just broke down. He needs to get a new car now. He takes $7000 out of his savings account. He buys a used car for cash. Glen has a new car now with no monthly payments.

The apple pie failure.
Joanie was making apple pies. She wanted to put them into cupcake pans and make them mini. Unfortunately, she couldn't get the dough to work. She tried her best to shape them properly and then baked them. Still, when they came out they were nothing like pies.

Brotherly Love
Madison and Ryan are brother and sister. They love to go dancing every Friday. Last Friday Madison could not go dancing because she had homework. Next week, she worked hard on Thursday and finished all of her work. She was able to go and dance with her brother that Friday!

The Christmas Tree
Bob stopped at a tree farm to get a tree for his family. He put the tree onto his car and drove home. After unloading the tree, and bring it in, they saw it was too tall. Bob brought it back outside and trimmed it with a chainsaw. When he brought it back inside, it fit nicely inside the house.

crisp fries
Tommy wanted to eat his leftover fries up, to eat. He didn't want to put them in the microwave. The oven would take too long. He needed to think of a way to quickly make them crisp. He put them in the toaster oven.

The Injured Party
Janice got a new roof put on her house and went out to look at it. She stepped on a piece of metal carelessly left behind by the roofer. Janice suffered a deep laceration to her foot and went to a hospital. The roofer refused to pay her medical bills and denied responsibility. Janice obtained a lawyer, suing the roofer for negligent injury.

Beignets and Cafe Au Lait
Our family spent New Year's Day in New Orleans, Louisiana. We got to experience the jazz, historic sites, and Cajun cuisine. We also walked to a wonderful place called Cafe du Monde. They are famous for their powdery beignets and cafe au lait. That was the highlight of the trip!

Life in the Woods
Pat was done with society and decided to go live in the woods. He bought some land and began to build his cabin. A bear came out of the woods and looked at him. Pat was afraid but suspected the bear was gentle. The bear just growled and wandered off.

Claire
Claire wasn't sure what to buy her dad for Christmas. She thought long and hard. Then she decided to get him a fancy new tie. On Christmas she happily handed her dad his gift. He told Claire it was the nicest tie he'd ever owned!

Pie Lunch
Dan spent his lunch money on gas to get to school. As lunch period approached, he felt hungry and glum. Then Dan smelled something delicious coming from a classroom. He looked inside and saw the Home Ec class had baked pies. Dan filled up by charming one of the students into sharing her pie.

College Graduation Blizzard
Tim was graduating from college. He invited his family to visit him for the weekend. His family drove to try and visit him. They got stuck in a blizzard on the highway. They were unfortunately unable to attend his college graduation.

No Space
Ike drove downtown to go to the dry cleaners. There were no parking spaces in front of the dry cleaners. Sal had to drive two blocks down to find an open space. He put a quarter in the meter and walked to the dry cleaners. At the dry cleaners, Ike picked up his suit.

Too Much Salt
Pip's mom made a big bowl of popcorn for the family. He salted it and bought it to the table for everyone to share. What he didn't realize is that his mom had already put salt on it. His dad had put salt on it too. It was so salty that they couldn't eat it.

Plate Shortage
A chef was almost finished cooking some food and needed a dish. He could not find a clean plate anywhere. He used a take-out container to hold the food. The customer complained that their food was not on a plate. The chef walked out of the kitchen to apologize.

Discipline
Macy was walking in the mall with her mom. As soon as she saw a doll for sale, she ran towards it. Her mom tried to take her away however, she didn't listen. She ended up mad and started to shout. Macy began to cry.

Setting the table.
I thought of what napkins and placemats go together. I wiped the table down. I arranged the placemats neatly around the table. I folded the napkins on the placemats. I arranged the plates and utensils on the placemats.

Train
I wanted to travel on a train, since I had never done it before. I researched and planned a trip to a nearby city. On the day of the trip, I boarded excitedly. The ride was fun and enjoyable. My trip was good, and I got to experience something new.

Cake Thief
Lucy wanted cake. Her grandmother insisted she wait until after dinner. It was only noon. Lucy crept into the kitchen and cut a slice of cake. She hid in the pantry eating cake and licking frosting off her hands.

Too Salty
People tell Arthur his grilled chicken is the best. So he registered for a cooking contest. First place prize was ten thousand dollars. Arthur won third place, which was one thousand dollars. The judges said his meat was too salty.

The Sleepy Commuter
Sam got on the bus to ride to work. He took out a book and started reading to pass the time. Reading and the motion of the bus soon lulled him to sleep. When the bus abruptly stopped, Sam awakened. He had slept through his stop and was miles from work.

Spilled trash
My kitchen was filling up with trash. I picked up a bag to carry it to my trash can. I began to walk down my driveway with the bag. Suddenly, the bag ripped and trash fell everywhere. I cleaned up the spilled trash and put it in the trash can.

Birthday Card
Today was Mary's sister's birthday. Mary had only realized this thanks to Facebook. Mary quickly set out to buy a card at the store. But they were out of birthday cards! Mary gave her a thank you card instead.

The Suit
Harry wanted a suit. He had never bought a suit before. Harry decided to go shopping. He bought a slim-fitting charcoal suit. Finally, Harry had a suit!

Muse
I sit at my desk every day and try to write a story. Most days nothing happens and I get up after a few minutes. Not today, though, as my muse finally appeared. A story popped into my head and I wrote for almost three hours. I hope my muse comes back to visit tomorrow.

Movie
Heather had been invited on a date. They had agreed to go to a movie. But she and her date had a hard time agreeing on a movie. Then they decided to flip a coin. They ended up seeing an action movie, and loving it!

Rural Internet
Ken sighed and kicked his desk in frustration. He needed to get the special district transparency notice posted. He could feel the deadline tomorrow breathing down his neck. He asked his ISP if he could use the service he was paying for. He got the notice posted just in the nick of time.

Doctor's Visit
Fred was not feeling well so he decided to go to the doctor. The doctor performed tests on fred to see how he was doing. When the results came back, luckily Fred was totally fine. Fred felt a sigh of relief and felt so much better after that. When Fred left the doctors, he went to town to get ice cream.

Post
Ryan took a great picture of his mom. He put the picture up on Facebook. He marked it "Public" so all his friends could see it. Later, he went back to check on his post. Over a hundred people had liked his picture!

Stan Handstand.
Stan had a few talents up his sleeve. His best trick was his ability to stand on his hands. He could stay upside down for as long as he chose. It was tragic when he lost one of his hands. Now Stan is more impressive doing one handed hand stands.

Cade gets Bullied
Cade is a very fast runner. But there is a bully in his class that is slow. The bully pushes Cade down every time they go to class. Finally, Cade decides to push the bully back. Now Cade needs to run extra fast to get away from the bully.

Brad's Balls
Brad loved to collect all kinds of balls. He had thousands of all sorts of balls imaginable. He was short on cash and decided to open a store. A week later, Brad's Balls was born! Brad has been selling his balls successfully for months now!

Christmas Adventure
Tom and Mary decided to ride the 4-wheeler out to cut a Christmas Tree. They drove deep into the woods and found the perfect 7' tree. They easily hooked it to the bike and started towing it home. Unfortunately, the 4-wheeler ran out of gas half way home. Tom and Mary had to carry the tree all the way back.

Bike
Ben was riding his bike quickly to get to work. The sun was directly in his eyes and made it difficult to see. He heard a honking horn and slammed on his breaks. He flipped over the handlebars but fortunately landed on grass. Ben walked away with only a few scratches.

Ping Pong Too Far
Me and my friend Kyle were playing ping pong in my basement. Kyle gets very competitive and I am almost as bad. When I win he makes a bet to get me to play again. In a few games we are betting lots of money and diving everywhere. I crash right into and knock over an old dresser trying to get ball.

The Big Test
Audrey had a very important test to take the next morning. She normally prepared well for tests, but this time she forgot. She spent all night long cramming material that would be on the exam. When Audrey got to class the next morning, no one was there. She had forgotten the right day of the exam and studied for nothing!

Fluffy Bunny
Ruby has always wanted a bunny. She asked her mom for one for her birthday. Her mom found one online, and said she had to take care of it. Ruby took very good care of her bunny. She named her bunny Fifi.

Halloween Costumes
Bob decided to go to his friend's Halloween party as baby. He didn't feel like doing too much work on a costume. So he took a white sheet, fashioning a diaper. Six of his friends had the same idea. They were all babies, too, just wearing a sheet as a diaper.

The Hang up
Charles' mother taught her son to carry a pre-paid cell phone. As a job seeker, Charles put his cell phone number on applications. He needed a real cell phone, but kept up with his pre-paid cell phone. One afternoon he was in a phone interview with Apple Computers. He ran out of minutes and never reached Apple's hiring manager again.

New Car
Cassie's car stopped working. She went to the shop to get it fixed. They told her it could not be fixed. Cassie was very happy. She used it as an excuse to buy a new car.

Bully
A bully named Val wanted to fight Ali. Val waited for Ali near her bike. Ali tried to get on her bike and leave. Val pushed her and began yelling at her. Ali sat on the ground stunned and unsure what to do.

Seeing A Movie Alone
Nancy wanted to see a movie, but she had no one to go with. She had asked all of her friends, so she decided to just go alone. At first she was uncomfortable, sitting amongst the crowd on her own. As the movie went on, she soon forgot everything that bothered her. Nancy was happy to learn, going alone wasn't so bad after all!

Coffee with grounds.
Sue got up needing her morning coffee. She went to the kitchen only to discover she had no coffee filters. She decided to use a paper towel in place of a coffee filter. The coffee had grounds in it. Sue decided she should put some away for emergency uses.

Kim's Report Card
Laura was worried that her daughter might get a B on her report card. Her daughter Kim had always been a straight A student. Laura started pestering Kim to follow up with the teacher. She nervously waited for the report cards to be issued. When Laura finally saw it, she was very relieved to see all A's.

Sing Along
Fred put in his headphones and listened to music. He sang along to the music as he went about his day. A person on the street stopped Fred to ask about his singing. He wanted to know what song he was singing to. Fred sang the name of the song to the man and walked on.

Trip to NYC
Last month I took my very first trip to New York City. I was super excited to stay near Central Park. The trip was going well until I got bitten by a stray dog. I had to be rushed to the hospital. Thankfully I was alright but it was still scary.

The Bad Haircut
Jason's hair was starting to get really long. He knew that he needed to get a haircut soon. When he went to get a haircut, he told the barber what he wanted. The barber accidentally shaved a chunk of his hair out. Jason had to shave his head and it will take a long time to grow back.

Robert started a new job
Robert got a great job offer to drive a forklift It started at 22 dollars an hour It was for the most part easy, and sitting It had great benefits He called the place back and accepted the job

The Id
Kay was waiting for her driver's license in the mail. She was told it would take 2-6 weeks to arrive. Everyday for 4 weeks she checked the mail. Finally after 5 weeks the license arrived. Although she hated the photo, Kay was happy to be a licensed driver.

Sara
Sara Liked Andy but didn't know how to let him know. She asked Andy if he wanted to go to the fair. He agreed. They both went and had a wonderful time. Sara and Andy have been seeing a lot of each other lately.

Secretly
Gina wanted to get her mom's house key secretly. She decided she would wait till her mom was napping. She would then sneak the key to the grocery store. There they would make a copy for her. She knew it was risky, but it was the best plan.

Gamin On Phone
Jenna just got a new phone. The first thing she did was go to the app store. She searched around for games. She purchased a racing game that was on sale for $1. Jenna played the game on her phone the entire afternoon.

Oscar's Bad Hair Day
Oscar decided that he must get a job to be able to pay rent. He put on his nicest shirt and pants. He asked for work at each business on the street. He was rejected each time. No one wanted to hire him because of his pink hair.

Holidays
Jim wanted to go home for the holidays. The drive was to long so Jim booked a plane ticket. Jim packed his bags and was ready well in advance. Jim went to the airport and flew home for the holidays. His family was excited to see him and he was excited to see them.

Adventurous
Jim was tired of sitting around the house. He came up with a plan. He decided to go on an adventure. He went hiking. He went to the mountains and had fun.

The Test
One morning, Joe woke up and had a strange feeling. He realized that he had not studied last night. Joe tried to get as much studying in as he got ready in the morning. On the way to class, he was very worried. When he got to class, he found out the test was delayed.

Close call
Ned had not prepared for the test in math. He was sure he would fail the test and have to take summer school. He tried to cram during lunch so that he would understand some of it. When he got to class a stranger came in and stood up front. She said his teacher was out sick so the test was canceled!

The Pageant
Lori wanted to win a title. She was determined to go to the state competition this year. She practiced her talent every day. She worked on her swimsuit competition. When the local pageant came, Lori won a title.

Dog Pound
Sam wanted to get a dog. So he was researching local pet stores to buy one. It just so happened he logged onto Facebook to see an ad for a pound. A dog named Grump was going to be put down that day. Sam has a new best friend named Grump, you should meet him.

Dog Park
I took my dog to the dog park today. My dog ran around and played with all the other dogs. I was starting to get bored of watching dogs run around. I decided that it was time to leave the dog park. My dog whined when we left.

Learning French
Jason is going to take a trip to France. He decides to learn some French. Jason downloads a French language tutorial program to his phone. He uses the tutorial every day to learn French. When he arrives in France Jason is able to speak some French.

Sam's Legos
Sam loved to play with Legos. Sam built a huge tower out of the Legos. Sam's brother liked to run around the house. Sam's brother didn't look where he was going! He ran right into Sam's tower!

The Missing Link
Lily was on a week long field trip in the desert with her colleagues. They left each day at 9 am sharp for field work. Unfortunately Lily took longer to get ready in the morning. One morning they almost left without Lily. Lily made an effort to wake up earlier for the rest of the trip.

Cancer
Tom led a sedentary life. He sat in a chair and did not move for 10 hours per day. He eventually developed groin pain. He visited the doctor. The doctor diagnosed him with testicular cancer.

The spontaneous movie.
Christa was with her aunt and cousins. Suddenly, her aunt got called into work. She needed somewhere safe to leave the kids. Christa offered to take them into a movie. Christa's aunt agreed and they went to see a movie.

From the Netherlands
Our only market in town is very, very small. But sometimes I just go there just to watch to the people. I met a couple there yesterday who were from the Netherlands We spoke for a moment and then they bought some sodas and bread. Then they left with the stuff they bought and went on their way.

Library Fun
Libraries were Jana's favorite place to hang out. She would spend all her free time at the local library. She would help keep things organized while she was there. Jana was offered a paid internship by the Librarian. Jana happily accepted the offer.

Colonel meets a tragic end.
Colonel Vlasic had spent 17 years in the Soviet army. Upon retirement, he decided to move someplace warmer. He moved south into Hungary, hoping he could relax in peace. But the Colonel was followed there by an angry former private. The private shot him down one day in Budapest.

Party Time?
Emily was invited to a party one day. This would be the first real party she would ever go to. Emily searched for something to wear. Unfortunately, her body was still out of shape from having a baby. Emily could find nothing but not-so-flattering clothes to wear.

Flu or Fake
Johnny played sick to get out of going to school. After a few days, his mom took Johnny to the doctor. The waiting room was full of kids sick with the flu. After the check-up, Johnny decided to end the ruse. By the time they got home, he had a fever from the flu bug.

Valedictorian
Jill had set a goal for herself in the seventh grade. She maintained the highest grades ever since then. She was determined to be valedictorian. When she became a senior, she still had that goal. At graduation, she met her goal and presented her speech.

Too Much Waiting
I came into a building. The front desk worker registered my name for an appointment. She told me to wait for a few minutes until the doctor is available. I ended up waiting for an hour. Eventually, I fell asleep in the waiting room.

Long Distance Relationship
Kate and Tim were dating. Kate had to move far away. They tried to keep their relationship going. Unfortunately there were too many obstacles. They both ended it on ok terms.

Good Deeds
Carly left church feeling a desire to help others. She got in contact with the Pastor Steve who offered some activities. He personally recommended joining the church run soup kitchen. The next day, Carly expressed interest has become a chef there. It turns out that Steve was the head chef and accepted her offer.

First Time Camping
Sam had never been camping before. He and his friends went camping last weekend. However, everything that could go wrong did. They ran out of food and spilled a ton of water. It was overall a negative experience.

Interview
Kelly was interviewing for her dream job at a tech company. Her interview was in ten minutes but she was stuck in traffic. She honked and tried to pass the slow cars in front of her. She saw the reason for the traffic was a stray dog stuck on the road. Rather than get to her interview, she stopped and rescued the dog.

Roasting Marshmallows
Ally and her friends were gathered around the firepit. Their parents had set it up for them to toast marshmallows. Each of them had a stick with a marshmallow cooking over the flame. They toasted them carefully to make sure they didn't get burned. When they were perfect, they took them off and ate them.

Haunted House
Joey was excited to go to his first Halloween haunted house. He persuaded his parents to let him go on the scariest tour. Joey clung to his mom as they went through the haunted house. He was so relieved when he finally saw the exit door. Outside, a man with a chainsaw was waiting to give one last fright.

Robert's Decision
Robert wanted to go on a vacation. He didn't know where he wanted to go, though. He asked his friend for suggestions. His friend told him about his lovely trip to Argentina the previous mo Robert decided to go to Argentina.

The Boy who Needed a Nap
Jake was playing hide and seek with his mother. He decided to hide in his bed under the covers. His mother got distracted by a phone call. When she finally came to find him, he was asleep! Chuckling, his mother tiptoed out of the room.

Too Late to Save
I took my son to the barbershop today. The barber got his equipment set up by his stand. He started to cut my son's hair. However, he accidentally shaved off more than what was expected. Therefore, he received a lower haircut.

Excel
John had recently graduated college. John applied to many jobs. One company required him to take an excel test. John watched and followed along with many online tutorials. John aced the excel test and got the job.

Silver Prices
Gerard was an investor. He put lots of money into silver as an investment. The silver market crashed earlier this year. He decided to sell his silver. He bought gold with the money instead.

Laundry
Jill was away at college. She had never done laundry before but figured it couldn't be too hard. She put a load in. When she took it out, all her white clothes were now pink. She hadn't sorted the colors from the whites!

The Rainy Day
Lucy awoke planning to go outside and play. But when she sat up she could hear the rain on her window. She looked outside and saw the storm clouds were rolling in. Upset she couldn't go outside she went to her bookshelf instead. Lucy lay on her bed and read books the whole day.

Firewood
Jaris ran out of firewood. His house was so cold and he couldn't bear it. He bundled up and went out to collect more wood. After finding firewood, he returned home and lit it in the fireplace. Finally, his house was warm!

ice cubes
Ed was supposed to bring ice to the family picnic. As he pulled in, he realized he had forgotten it! He backed out hurriedly. He went to the convenience store and bought a few big bags. Then he returned, bearing the ice!

Trip to the Toy Store
David asked his father if they could drive to the toy store. While they were driving David counted his allowance. At the toy store, David ran over to the toy cars. He picked out a car that he could afford. David bought the car and took it home.

A Good Deed
Beth was leaving work on Tuesday. She noticed a man dropped his wallet in the parking lot. She ran all the way across the lot to give it back to him. The man was so happy that his wallet was returned. Because Beth was so honest, he gave her 20 dollars.

Working in the rain.
We needed to put up our new porch today. Looking at the news, we realized it was going to be raining all day. That's ok, we said. We'll just work through it. After a long, soggy day, everything was finished.

Car Trouble
Jim was driving from Atlanta to Austin when his car broke down. It seemed like the middle of nowhere so he began to walk. He came across a gas station ten miles away and got a ride back. When he returned, his car couldn't be found. Got to Austin, but had to take a plane.

The Metal Concert
Jane was dragged to a metal concert by her boyfriend. He wanted to go toward the stage. They were pushed around and she got her nose broken He was having too much fun to notice. She never went to another concert with him again.

Foul Ball
Johnny and his grandpa had great seats to the Yankees game. He had his mitt, as always, ready to catch a foul ball. He's been trying forever but balls never came his way. Today a player hit a ball. It zoomed into the stands landing in Johnny's outstretched glove.

Robby Takes Algebra
Robby was taking calculus for one of his college courses. He was really struggling with that particular class. After failing the first test, Robby decided to drop out of the class. Robby signed up for an easier algebra class instead. Robby was able to pass with an A easily in his new algebra class.

The Halloween Decorations
John hated the neighbors two doors down. Every year, they put up tasteless and gory Halloween decorations. But this year, they really topped anything from prior years. They had a very realistic stuffed man hanging from a noose in a tree. Unable to stand it, John cut it down in the middle of the night.

Fishing Trip
Billy was so excited to go fishing with his grandfather. It was his first time ever fishing. He and his grandfather went out on a boat early in the morning. Billy didn't realize how boring it would be waiting for the fish! Just when he was about to give up he finally caught one.

Friend in the Park
Kori went for a walk in the park. While she was there, she ran into a friend. They started to talk to each other. Suddenly, they realized it was dark. They had talked for hours!

Ned
Ned rode his bike to work everyday because he lived close. One day the weather turned bad so he decided to ride his car. On his way to work he got a flat tire. He was in the rainy fixing it and was late to work. Ned bought a raincoat and still rides his bike even in the rainy now.

Alone
Eric hated sleeping alone. So he would bring a new girl every night so he didn't have to. Most night he would just settle so he could guarantee he had someone. Tonight he brought home a very special girl, or he thought she was. In the morning she told him she settled with him so she wasn't alone.

Standardized test
Alicia had to take a standardized test. She was quite nervous. She was afraid she wouldn't do well. Yet thankfully she did fine. Alicia breathed a sigh of relief.

College
Angel wanted to go to college, but did not know what to study. Her teacher suggested she call the administration office. Angel called the administration office and spoke with the counselor. The counselor asked her what she wanted to do for a career. Angel chose to study Psychology.

Sandwich
Joey sat by a pond holding a sandwich. His phone rang and he put his sandwich on a rock to answer. He talked for five minutes with a dear friend. When he disconnected, the sandwich was gone. After looking around him, he finally saw it at the bottom of the pond.

Puppet Show
It was a rainy day and there was nothing to do. Bonnie and Blair decided to put on a puppet show. They prepared all morning. After lunch, they had a show for Bonnie's stuffed animals. They were a wonderful audience!

Trouble Hailing a Taxi
It had been raining all evening. Tom and Robert called for a taxi to get back home. They waited nearly one hour for a taxi to arrive. No taxi arrived, and the line for the taxi was quite long. Tom and Robert decided to walk the five miles home.

Fly High
Ivan wanted to see if he could get enough helium balloons to fly. The first store he went to had 500 balloons on sale for $400. He picked out a couple different colors and started filling them. Ivan tied the balloons to himself and said farewell to the earth. Even though he only made it 3' off the ground, he felt free.

Missing
John's cat was his best friend. One day he didn't come inside at night. John was so sad he could barely get out of bed. After four days, his cat came back! John hugged his cat and gave him special food as a treat.

Husky
Brenda's dog was a husky. Huskies love to escape and run. One day Brenda was getting the mail, and her husky escaped the house. Brenda spent all day chasing her dog outside. She finally was able to catch the dog using food.

my friend dan
I had a friend named Dan. He liked to eat ice cream. He would eat it so fast that he would get a headache. Dan didn't like headaches. Dan started eating slower.

Spot The Cat
Sam's neighbor was moving to a different country. Her neighbor was unable to bring his pet cat with him. He wanted Sam to take care of his cat Spot. Sam accepted his offer. Sam eventually became best friends with Spot.

Comparison
Eli took a qualification to work on Spanish song copyright vetting. He managed to ace it with flying colors. Eli opened the first task in the set to do them. He was really surprised by what he found there. All the song lyrics were being sung in French!

Michael's Imagination
Michael was a fifteen year old boy with a big imagination. He always put his mind to work creating new stories to tell. He always dreamed of building a three story treehouse. Michael put all of his thoughts on paper to build it. Michael finally built the treehouse of his dreams.

Dirty Picture
Archie put on his new clothes for picture day at school. On his way to school he stopped to pet a puppy. Now Tom had to run to school because he was late. He tripped and fell into a giant mud puddle. Tom's school picture didn't come out too good!

Blind Date
Sarah had a blind date planned. She was very nervous and anxious. Her date came to get her, and she walked outside to meet him. She saw him, and was completely horrified by his looks. She canceled the date, turned around and walked back inside.

New Harry Potter Movie
Maddie was excited to see the new Harry Potter movie. The line was out the door and it was exciting. Maddie luckily was able to get a seat. The movie was long but it was worth it. When the movie was over, it was great.

Quiet
Terry was always very quiet in school. She did not have many friends. One day she decided to bring her flute to school. She played for the class. After that she always had friends to talk to.

Lunch
Everyday I make a cream cheese sandwich for my son to take to school. Today I got a phone call from the school lunch supervisor. Matthew's sandwich was missing from his lunchbox. Matthew's brother had accidentally taken it. I drove to school and dropped off another sandwich.

Fishing
Mike loves to eat fish. He decided he would catch his own. Mike bought a pole and a bucket of minnows. He went fishing and caught 12 bass. He cooked them and ate the delicious meats.

Hot Air
Larry was baking cookies. When they were done, he decided to take them out. He opened the oven door and reached for the cookie tray. But hot air from the oven irritated his eyes and face. And he dropped the cookies all over the floor.

Tree
One time my cousins and I were playing at my grandparents. One of my cousins thought it would be funny to bind himself to a tree. He put rope around his ankles, attached it to the tree and let go. He was quickly stuck and we ran for help. Eventually he came down but only after Grandma loosened the knot.

Delicious Japan
Steven Wanted to go Japan. He never had enough money to go. Steven would always spend all his money on junk food. One day Steven won the lottery. He was able to eat all the junk food he wanted in Japan.

Follower
Jenny came into house. A small puppy tried to climb on her legs. When she tried to walk away, the dog followed her around the house. She tried running however, the dog was persistent. The owner ended up carrying the dog away.

Francis Skips a Rock
Francis decides to walk to a stream near his home. He picks up a small stone nearby the stream. Francis skips the stone across the stream to see it bounce. It reminds him of how much he loves being outdoors. Francis returns home feeling peaceful.

Taking a bath
Tom hated bathing. His mom wanted him to take a bath. Tom refused to take one. After an hour of arguing he finally took one. He was surprised at how good taking a shower felt.

The albino squirrel
One day me and my friends decided to go on a hike. While admiring the scenery we saw a flash of white. I went to get a closer look and realized I saw a white squirrel. Me and my friends had never seen an albino animal before this. We were so amazed we told everyone when we got back!

George's Dinner
George wasn't very motivated to cook dinner. He decided to go out to eat instead. He carefully weighed his options. George settled on a local steakhouse. He enjoyed his dinner very much.

Father Issues
Ryan was having trouble living with his father. His father constantly yelled at him for seemingly no reason. Ryan decided on working more hours to save up to move out. He eventually saved enough to move out with 3 friends of his. Ryan has been enjoying life much more without his father.

Shingle Beach
Cindy and her children were visiting the UK for the first time. They were staying in Hastings and wanted to visit the beach. Cindy asked a local man how to get to the closest beach. He directed her to the beach but warned her it was a shingle beach. Cindy discovered that shingle meant large pebbles instead of sand.

Second Class
Sue's parents saved up so she could go to a private college. The whole family was there to help Sue move into the dorm. Sue noticed the other students had nicer clothes and luggage. She quickly shoved her own luggage out of sight in the room. Sue watched from the window as her folks drove away.

New apartment
William moved into his first apartment one day. He did not have any furniture and needed to get some. He looked online and found a man giving away free furniture. He drove to the man's house and happily took the new items. When he got home, he furnished his house and it looked great.

Hospital
Gina had to drive past the hospital on her ride home. There was rarely any traffic around. Today there were more cars. They were all trying to avoid the traffic on the main streets. Gina was not happy with the traffic, but at least it was moving fast.

Lips
He set up his easel in position, oil paints ready to go. The painting competition was about to begin. He only took ten minutes to complete the competition. I eagerly moved towards him to witness the artwork. It was the mirror image of my lips.

Sharon
Sharon never learned to drive a manual transmission. She asked her dad to show her how to drive one. He took her out and showed her how to use a clutch. After a burned out clutch and transmission she learned it. Sharon is not allowed to drive her Dad's manual transmission car.

Trip to the Beach
It was a Sunday morning and I wanted to visit the beach. I took the train to get to my destination. When I arrived I swam in the ocean. Afterwards I tanned in the sand. I finally went home when it started to get dark outside.

Horses on the Beach
Elsa's family visited a beach where wild horses lived. She hoped she'd get to see some. While she was playing in the water, she noticed three along the beach. She didn't want to scare them so she stayed still, watching. She was very excited that she got to see horses in the wild.

Update
Jan was typing an essay on her computer. She walked away to get food. But when she came back, she noticed that her computer restarted. She realized that an update forced her computer to restart. And the essay that she had been working on for hours did not save.

Mac N Cheese
I was going to attend a potluck and wanted to bring a family recipe. I chose my grandma's mac n cheese but I didn't know how to make it. My grandma had me come over and she taught me her recipe. Everyone loved the mac n cheese. My grandma's recipe is now the only mac n cheese that I make.

Blind Date
Sara was 35 and single. She let her family set her up on a blind date. Sara went on the date and had a great time. She and the guy went on more dates and began a relationship. After 6 months Sara found herself accepting a marriage proposal.

Killer
Bill kills his first two wives. But the police were so incompetent that he got away with it. When Bob kills his third wife police finally catch him He is sentenced to death. He still claims his innocence right as he is to be executed.

The Mouse
I went to the store today. While I was there I bought some gum. After chewing the gum and getting home I wanted to throw it away. I went and opened the trash can. Inside the can was a mouse on a sticky trap wiggling around.

Kat and the Moth
Kat loved to play with insects. One day, Kat found a huge moth on the playground. She picked up the moth and put it into her purse. A few days later, dozens of worms were crawling on her ceiling. Kat then decided it'd be best to leave the moths be.

A crash reenactment.
Sasha was in her history class. Suddenly, there was an announcement to go outside. Outside, she saw a horrific crash scene. She watched as emergency services arrived and began to help. Finally, her teacher revealed that it was all fake for a lesson.

First Attempt at the Motorcycle
After purchasing my motorcycle, I inspected all of its parts. After checking everything, I went for a ride. The traffic was clear and I was able to reach move smoothly. I arrived at my friends house to show him my motorcycle. He gave me a pat on the back.

Slight accident
Lulu got in a cab to go to meet her friend. There was a ton of traffic. Quickly, she felt a slight jolt. The cab crashed into the car in front of them. Thankfully she was okay though.

Work
I was hired for a job to get people to sign a petition. The petition was to get a Democrat's name on the ballot for Congress. I knocked on doors in the freezing cold to get signatures from people. By the end of six hours of work, I collected over thirty signatures. My employer was extremely proud of my hard work!

Splash mountain
Ian was nervous to go on the splash mountain ride. He was afraid of the drops. Ian decided to go through with it anyway. He got inside the log and shut his eyes. The ride actually wasn't as bad as he thought.

Chicken
John decided to go camping. He invited his friend Tim. Because Tim couldn't go, John asked Bob. Bob declined. Ultimately, John didn't go because he was afraid to go alone.

Only Child
Taylor grew up as an only child. She made up imaginary friends to hang out with. Her parents thought that was weird. They told her to stop and make real friends. This made her feel even more isolated and desperate.

Popped Tire
Jerry hopped on his bike to ride to work. Jerry was making great time, as he sped to work. Suddenly, Jerry felt a pop and his bike began to slow down. Jerry hopped off his bike and saw two flat tires. He pushed his bike to work and when he made it, he was late.

Ben and Animals
Ben was a big fan of animals. He had many pets during his childhood. Ben would often take in stray animals and nurse them to health. He decided to attend veterinary school and graduated. Ben now owns the biggest animal hospital.

Missing Library Book
Timmy was about to return his library books. He went over the list of books and noticed he was missing one. The book was a novel that was a hardcover. He searched everywhere in his house. Finally he remembered he left the book at a friend's house.

Roller Blades
Lisa was learning how to use roller blades outside of her house. But a small dog began to chase her. Lisa didn't have time to take off her roller blades. So she tried to skate as fast as she could. When she turned around, she was surprised by how far away the dog was.

Punishment
Paula knew she would be placed on punishment. Paula recently sneaked out the house to go to a party. However, at the party, the police was called, and Paula got arrested. Once Paula's parents picked her up, she knew she was in trouble. Even though Paula was punished for months, Paula knew she was wrong.

Thirty Flavors
I went to the ice cream parlor to get a frozen treat. The girl behind the counter asked me what I wanted to try. Of the thirty flavors they had, I picked ten to try. I concluded that I like rum raisin the best of the ten. I decided to have two scoops of rum raisin in a cone.

cocoa
Anna was out playing in the snow. She was cold and wet. She decided to take a break and rest inside. She made a cup of hot cocoa. She felt warm and refreshed!

Chest pain
I woke up in the middle of the night with chest pains. My wife wanted me to go to the doctor, but I said no. The next day the chest pain got worse. I eventually went to the doctor. The doctor said my pain was just heartburn.

Burnt dinner
Last night I cooked hot dogs in the toaster. I put them in and forgot about them. However I then realized that there was smoke. I went to check on them. They were burnt to a crisp.

The Friendship Necklace
Lisa's best friend had a very hard year. Her parents had split up and her dog ran away just last week. Lisa wanted to get her something special to help her feel better. She decided on a friendship necklace. Her friend was very happy when Lisa gave it to her.

Getting textbook
Last week I needed to get my science textbook. The campus bookstore was selling it for a hundred dollars. That price was far too expensive. I decided to then buy it off amazon. It came the next day?

My Dog
When I was a kid we adopted a yellow labrador. She came from a breeder far away. So, we had to get her at the airport. The day we went to the airport I was so excited to meet my new dog. She came out in a crate and I was so happy to see her.

Blown Engine
Jane didn't know much about cars. She never even pumped her own gas. One time she had to drive herself across town. She stopped to put gas but put it in the wrong place. It messed up Jane's engine and she learned a lesson.

The Accident
Dawson got a new car. He wanted to go show his best friend Joey his new car. It was a rainy day and he got in a accident on the way. His new car was messed up pretty bad but he was fine. Dawson was sad that his new car was already ruined.

Boston
I had to go to Boston for a work trip. The evening after one of the conferences we went to a ball game. We had suite tickets which were amazing. I had never been to Fenway before, so it was a great thrill. I will remember this trip for the rest of my life.

Worry No More
Alex needed to go to the pharmacy to get his medicine. He looked all over the house trying to find money to pay for it. On the way, he stopped and bought a single lottery ticket. The next night, Alex won the lottery. Now he never has to worry about finding money for his medicine again.

Daniel Visits the Bar
Daniel has spent months unemployed. He is too lazy to get a new job, but sometimes he worries about money. He usually likes to go to a local bar at night to forget his problems. The bartender there is always nice to Daniel. Although he still has no job, being at the bar makes him feel better.

Shopping Cart
Gina hadn't grabbed a shopping cart at the store. She thought she could carry three gallons of water in a basket. Now she had checked out and needed to get the water to her car. She never used the plastic bags at the store. But today she had no other choice.

The Yard Sale
Karen was tired of all the stuff cluttering up her house. She decided it was time to have a yard sale. She gathered up all her items and put price tags on them. That Friday, she made signs at put them around the neighborhood. The sale was a success and she made a lot of cash.

Rough Roller coaster Ride
I attempted to buckle my seatbelt on the roller coaster. The seat belt did not fit properly. I felt scared as the ride started. I raised out of my seat on the first hill. I was glad when the ride stopped.

Robot Vacuum
June's husband noticed that she vacuumed every day. He surprised her with a robot vacuum to do the job. June put up her trusty vacuum and let the robot go to work. But she soon realized she missed the daily chore. When her husband was at work, June short-circuited the robot.

Pet Bird
My cousin has a pet bird. It knows a lot of tricks and can say a few words. Every time I go over he is excited to show me. This last week he learned a new week. I enjoyed watching him show it to me.

Walking in street
There was a guy walking in China. He wanted to explore the market. The market was full of energy. He tried lots of good food. He was glad he went for a walk.

Phone
Kate begged her parents to get her a cell phone, but they refused. They said she'd appreciate it more if she bought it herself. Finally Kate reluctantly got a job delivering papers. She had to save for six months before she could afford a cell phone. And when she bought it, she truly did appreciate its value!

Vegas Vacation
Brad took a trip to Las Vegas in December. He flew on a plane to get there. He stayed in a hotel with an amusement park inside. He played the slots while he was there. He won five thousand dollars and came home the next day.

Vegas
Joe plans a trip to Vegas with his college friends. They decide to stay at the Pink Flamingo. They do lots of gambling and drinking while they are there. Joe spends all his money the first day he is there. The rest of the trip he has to hang out by the pool.

A Day at the Fair
Molly and Beth were excited to go to the county fair together! At the fair, they rode the carousel and the ferris wheel. Molly's mother bought pink cotton candy for them to share. Beth won a goldfish and Molly won a stuffed bear. It was a fun-filled day that the two girls would remember.

Pretty Payback
Maggie was sleeping at her cousin's' house. Jim had been teasing her and Dawn all day. He would shoot spitballs at them and take their dolls. The girls tried to avoid him but he always followed them. When he went to sleep the girls got revenge by putting makeup on him.

Calmly
Gina was walking home from the park. A dog that was loose at the park had begun following her home. She stopped and let the dog catch up with her. The friendly dog licked her hand, and looked up at her. She decided she would ask her mom if she could keep the dog.

Sue Runs The Half Marathon
Sue wanted to get in shape. She signed up for the half marathon. Sue ran everyday after work. Sue was eventually able to run for miles at a time. She was able to successfully complete the half marathon.

The perfect picture.
Miles was taking pictures of his sons. He wanted a good one for his Christmas card. He was a perfectionist and it was taking awhile to get a great one. Everyone was starting to feel fed up. Luckily, he got the perfect picture soon after.

Lakehouse
My uncle owns a lake house. He invited us to go out last weekend. Everyone had a fun time playing on the boat and grilling out. I got a bit too sunburn. Other than that it was a great time with good people.

Reed
Gina had been playing the clarinet for a month. She took it apart to clean it out. She put the reed back and tightened the ring. The reed split in two. Gina had no idea the reeds often broke.

Zoo field trip
In the first grade we got a field trip to the zoo. I was excited and ready to go. However, everything that could go wrong did. The food was bad, most of the exhibits was closed and it was raining. I learned that day to not get my hopes up.

The Helmet
Jen wanted to ride her bike. She put on her biking shoes. She put on her biking outfit. She knew she was forgetting something! She remembered to helmet so she could be safe!

The interview.
Joe was walking through downtown. He noticed a film crew for a news station. He tried to walk by casually. Suddenly, the anchor grabbed him. He reluctantly agreed to give them an interview.

Jasper Visits a Farm
Jasper wanted to get out of the city for a day. He decided to visit his uncle Pete who owned a farm in the country. Jasper visited the farms and saw chickens, cows, and horses. When he returned home he was tired from his visit. Jasper was happy he had left the city for the day.

Single LIfe
Sara is single. She wants to find a boyfriend but doesn't know how. She talks to her friends to get ideas. She decides to try online dating. Sara meets someone and decides to meet them for a date.

Bad CLothes wash
Harry had to wash several pieces of white clothes. He put the load of the clothes into the washer and started the load. When the clothes were done, Harry noticed they were all pink. He checked the pile and found a small red sock. Harry rewashed the clothes with bleach.

Insomnia
Mila was not sleeping well. She had a lot on her mind, She decided to take a sleeping pill. Before she knew it, she was asleep. She woke very refreshed.

Pawprints
The small orange cat was looking for a place to sleep. He jumped up onto a shelf where several paint cans were kept. As he jumped, he accidentally knocked over a paint can and spilled it. The cat jumped back down and landed in a puddle of blue paint. He ran up the stairs, leaving a trail of blue paw prints.

Joan
Joan was a poor college student. She decided to get a part time job. She applied as a waitress at a restaurant. She got the job and worked 20 hours per week there. She made a lot in tips, and eventually, was no longer poor.

Birthday Party
Adrielle couldn't wait for her birthday party. All her friends were invited and were going to come. She counted down the days until the Saturday of her party. When she woke up Saturday morning, she felt sick. She had to cancel the party.

The lost food.
Sara had to carry her groceries home. When she got home, she realized her cheese was gone. She traced her steps outside. Luckily, she found the cheese down the road. She picked it up and brought it home.

Pottery
Dan wanted to meet women. He decided to take a pottery class. The first day in class he met Belinda. Dan mustered up his nerve and asked her on a date. They had a great time at dinner later that night.

Uncertainty
Jade was getting ready to go to work. She checked her purse one last time for everything. She had her phone, wallet and some snacks for work. Walking out of the door, she locked it and began walking away. Suddenly, she turned around, remember she left her car key inside.

Fishing
I had enough of yard work and decided to go fishing. I packed my boat and hauled it to the lake. Backing into the water, I notice my brakes were soft. The car wouldn't stop and ran down into the pond. A quick-thinking fisherman caught it with his tow strap.

The shoe sale.
Jennifer was shopping with her sister. She was in the shoe section when she saw a big banner. The shoes were buy one get one free all day. She wouldn't normally spend so much at a time. But, she decided to buy four pairs just for the value.

wine
Ed wanted to go to a wine tasting. He decided to go with his wife. They sampled many different wines. But then Ed had to stop sampling. He was feeling very tipsy!

Buying a new phone
I went to the cell phone store where the line was outrageous. The greeter told me it'd be a 2 hour wait which was crazy! Eventually I waited 30 minutes before a manager came out. The manager said that he would be giving everyone a $100 credit. I ended up getting helped and an extra credit on my bill!

Mule Invasion
Michael and his family were eating lunch outside one day. Suddenly, several mules began running down their street. Michael rushed his family inside as they began to go wild. Suddenly, a small farmer began chasing the animals, apologizing. The animals took off and Michael brought his family back outside.

See You in the Movies
Duke wanted to play football on his birthday. Ellen wanted Duke to go to a movie with her. Ellen told Duke he could play football after the movie. Duke told Ellen they could see a movie after football. Duke and Ellen decided to go see a movie about football.

Skirt
Emily beamed as she put on her pink skirt. She'd practiced for weeks to get the dance right. She ignored the butterflies in her stomach as she got on stage. The months of practice had paid off and she danced flawlessly. She brought honor to her family's emblem on her skirt.

Jenna wanted to dance
Jenna always wanted to take tap dancing lessons. Her family could not afford to pay for her to go. One day Jenna's friend told her about a special free dance class. Jenna excitedly signed up right away. She took the class for a month and enjoyed it very much.

The Mirror
Alex ordered a new mirror. When it arrived it was the perfect size. Before she could hang it, she dropped it. It shattered into a million pieces. Alex is now going to have bad luck.

Returning the books.
Michelle had a huge stack of books. She needed to return them to the library. She got in her car and drove there. Then, she put her books in the drop box. Then she went home.

First Kiss
Ashley and Louis went on a date. They had dinner at a very nice restaurant. After dinner, they went for a walk together. Louis kissed Ashley while they were walking. Ashley was very happy that Louis kissed her!

Larissa's night with friends
Larissa heads to her friends place for a party. She arrives and trips on the sidewalk. She scrapes her hands and needs a bandage. Her friends help clean her up. They decide to cancel the party and comfort Larissa.

Running out of time
The cashier began to scan the food for Joe the customer. Joe was impatient but it seemed to be going quickly. Joe saw the bag boy slowly attempt to put all the food in one bag. Joe was mad as he saw the bag boy take out the food and start over. Joe snatched the bags from the bag boy and stormed out of the store.

Lost
Kate was driving to visit friends in another state. She pulled over midway to consult her map. Scrutinizing it, she frowned. Kate had no idea where she was! She had to ask directions in a gas station.

Chickens
Sam got some chickens. He fed them every day. One day he noticed his chickens wouldn't get up. He was worried but soon he found why. Those chickens laid eggs.

Road Test
Luke was very nervous to take his road test. He had practiced driving for many hours, but he still fretted. On test day, he was shaking and sweating bullets. He breathed deeply and tried to do the best he could. And to his joy, the tester said he passed - with flying colors!

Washing machine
Ora hated going to the laundromat every month to wash her clothes. She looked online for a cheap used washer and dryer. She found an affordable set near her house. She contacted the seller and went to pick it up. Ora was so happy that she never had to go to the laundromat anymore!

Popcorn Fun
Edie bought a popcorn machine. She put popcorn kernels and butter inside it. She turned on the power. Edie did not realize that she used too many kernels. When she came back to the kitchen, popcorn was everywhere.

Notes
Lucy watched Predator the night before. She was returning the movie to Blockbuster today. She decided to take notes of the highlights. She watched a 2nd time although, she really didn't want to see it. She wanted to discuss the film with the cute guy who recommended it.

The jumping picture.
Andrea wanted a picture of her jumping. She set the camera up. Then, she jumped in the air. The picture kept coming out wrong. It took twenty tries to get it right.

Flying High for an Anniversary
Alison's parents had long talked about going up in a hot air balloon. Unfortunately, it was something they couldn't squeeze in the budget. Alison decided to buy them a ride for their anniversary. Her parents were beyond excited when they found out. They said it was one of the best experiences they've ever shared.

Studying For School
Elly had a history exam coming up. She kept putting off studying to hang out with friends. The night before the test she was super worried. She stayed up all night studying. Elly passed her exam but was exhausted.

Discrimination
Nancy was looking for a place to eat. She walked across several tables. She eventually found one that contained several girls. All of the girls stood up and left when Nancy sat down. They looked at her with a mean grin.

Money Hungry
James liked to buy scratch tickets on payday for fun. One day he won a hundred dollars. He decided to go to the casino to play for higher stakes. In the excitement, he started beating his full paycheck. He ended up broke and miserable.

That's Sweet
Sue was reading a story to her sick grandson Alex. Alex asked grandma if she could live with them. Sue explained she had her own home to take care of. Alex as sad she said no. Sue cheered the boy up by baking cookies with him.

Revenge
Sally had stolen my marbles and wouldn't return them. So naturally I plotted my revenge. Late that night I snuck into Sally's house. I spotted the bag hidden in her closet. As soon as I grabbed them I beat a hasty retreat!

Bus Stop
I went to the bus stop to get my kids. On my way there my neighbor asked me to come inside for a minute. I stayed longer than I planned. When I got to the bus stop the bus was already gone. My kids were waiting for me at home when I walked in the door.

Moving to Texas
Bob wanted to move to Texas from Iowa. He decided to quit his job and pack his bags. When he got to Texas, he didn't realize that the job market was down. He struggled for nine months to find a job. Then, he gave up and went back to Iowa.

Hawaii
Ben wanted to go to Hawaii. But, he didn't have enough money. Ben decided to work overtime at work. Slowly but surely Ben was saving up the money. Eventually, he went to Hawaii!

Sunshine
Tom never wanted to go outside. His mother told him he needed to get some sunshine. Tom thought that sunshine was overrated. He finally decided to go outside. The sunshine felt so good that he never wanted to go back inside!

The Trip
Sarah wanted to go on a trip. Her husband did not think they could afford it. She looked online to find a good deal. She found a trip they could buy. Sarah and her husband went on their trip.

Bookworm
I've always been a bookworm. I've excelled at school with ease. I decided to get my doctorate degree. I went through so many years of schooling. I finally got my PHD.

Vape
Gavin went to get a new vape. He was new to vaping. He bought out with a big discount. He then found out it was a  fake vape. The people would not let him return it.

Fancy Steve
Steve wanted to go for a job but his shorts didn't have pockets. He had to wear his mother's purse to hold his phone and keys. A policeman saw Steve and thought he stole the purse. This caused Steve to run faster than he ever did before. Steve thought he was being tailed by the fashion police.

First Time Disney Trip
Linda always wanted to visit Disney as a kid. Her parents could never afford to take her. One year Linda decided to surprise her parents. She bought them tickets to Disney as well as herself. Linda and her family enjoyed Disney together for the first time.

Missing Glove
Martha wanted to go snowboarding. She got dressed in her winter clothing. She couldn't find her left glove. She searched everywhere in her house. She finally remembered she had left it in her car.

Caught
My two sisters tried to look old for the club party tonight They put on extensions, and wore high heels. As soon as they came in front of the entrance, they were stopped. A security guard told them to pull out their IDs. Since they were younger than 21, he kicked them out.

False Alarm
After lunch, my stomach started to growl. It was also grumbling. Since the pain was intolerable, I decided to go the school's clinic. The doctor checked on me. I found out that I just had a minor stomach ache.

Hide and Seek
Meg was playing hide and seek with her big sister. She hid behind the washing machine. Her big sister looked for her all over. Finally she gave up and called for Meg to come out. Meg had won the game!

Jack's Dog
Jack saw a dog in the street. He didn't want the dog to get hit by a car! Jack took the dog to his house. Jack and the dog really took to each other. Now Jack has a new dog!

Mixed up order
A man was driving through a restaurant drive through. He placed his order and paid. After picking up the food, he noticed his order was wrong. The man brought the food back and asked about the issue. The restaurant apologized and gave the man a half off coupon.

Tree Trimming
Trish was happy to have both of her daughter's home at once. She decided tonight would be a good night to put up the christmas tree. Everyone helped getting the tree up and decorated. They worked together until it was beautiful. Trish went to bed very happy that night.

Candy Check
Kaden loved halloween because he always got so much candy! He trick-or-treated and couldn't wait to eat all his candy. But Kaden's mom made him wait while she checked it over. She said she had to make sure Kaden's candy was safe, not adulterated. Finally she said it was OK, and Kaden dug into his pile of sweets!

Taco Tuesday
Its Tuesday, and at the Mason household that means tacos. They went to the grocery store to get all the ingredients. They started by cooking the meat, and cutting all the vegetables. One it was done, everything got lined up on the table. The Mason family drug in, being so happy it was taco Tuesday.

The birthday lie.
Jackson was with his friends at a restaurant. He noticed that you could get a free sundae on your birthday. It wasn't his birthday, but he decided to lie. He told the waitress and she believed him. Jackson got the free sundae and they even sang for him.

Chorus Concert
Tina is involved in the chorus at her school. The chorus decided to put on a fall concert. Tina invites her parents and other family to attend. Tina performs very well in the concert. Her family applauds her loudly.

Rollers
Lucy's grandma was doing her hair. Lucy watched as she put dye in her hair. Lucy covered her nose so she didn't smell the stench. Her grandma washed the dye out of her hair. Grandma's gray hair was now brown, and the dye left no stench behind.

Balding
Jake felt he was going bald. He started wearing a cap to hide it. The cap caused friction on his head. This caused more hair to fall out. Jake eventually accepted going bald.

Coin Purse
Joan was impatient with the line at airport security. When she set her stuff on the conveyor belt, an alarm sounded. The security person asked what was in Joan's purse. Joan was puzzled until the security person drew out some coins. She watched embarrassed as a mountain of coins was dumped out.

Bad Day
Amanda was having a very rough day. This morning, Amanda's alarm clock failed, which made her sleep late. After rushing to get ready, Amanda discovered a flat tire on her car. Amanda tried calling a taxi, but her cellphone was not charged. Amanda decided to call out of work, as her day started out bad.

A fight with mom.
Wendy was in the car with her mom. Suddenly, they began to fight. Wendy got so mad, she tried to leave the car. Her mom scolded her loudly. Wendy got back in the car and apologized.

My first kiss
I was 10 Year's old for my first kiss. I was very nervous. We planned to go to the back of the field where it was foggy. All of our friends were there and circled around us. Then we had a small peck.

Entrepreneur
Jimmy had a great idea for a social networking website. Jimmy didn't have enough money to get his idea off the ground. He decided to use crowdfunding to try and fund his project. He set up a page and asked for donations. He got enough money to start his website.

When it snows
When it snows, Fred goes to his shed to get a shovel. He first shovels his own driveway and then walks the neighborhood. He offers his help to anyone who wants it. Fred spends all day shoveling our driveways. At night he goes home and rests.

Jill Goes For a Run
Jill wanted to get in shape. It had been Years since she had gone on a run. She started running in her neighborhood. She got tired after 2 blocks. Afterwards, she walked back home to rest.

Campfire
The weather is starting to get warmer. We decided to have a camp fire yesterday. We figured it would be enough to keep us warm. All of a sudden big freezing winds hit. We had to give up and wait until later.

Locked Out
Rachel locked her keys in her car. She tried to use a coat hanger to get her keys out of her car. When that didn't work she called a locksmith. The locksmith said he couldn't come help because he was busy. Rachel angrily broke her window with a rock and got her keys back.

The Flu
Cindy came down sick. She could not move off the couch for 3 days. She went to the doctor. All the doctor could do was prescribe some medicine. Cindy started taking it that night

Dress caught
Lisa was having a party at her house. She got everyone together. When she was about to walk outside in her dress, something happened. Her dress got caught in the door handle. As a result the shoulder ripped.

The Sale
Mary was excited about the big sale at her favorite store. She got there early to take advantage of the deals. She found several items that she liked. She got on line to pay for her things. Afterwards, Mary called her friend to brag.

Lost game privileges
Kevin was supposed to take out the trash. He didn't listen to his parents. His parents then told him he was grounded. That meant losing game privileges. Kevin just rolled his eyes.

Girls trip
Shay and the girls decided to take a trip. She wanted to take a girls trip to Miami. The girls got together and went for a week. They had a great time. At the end of the trip they didn't want to leave.

Burnt Breakfast.
Jane tried to cook breakfast for the family. She gathered pancake mix and started to make a pancake. Since she forgot to put butter on the pan, the pancake was burned. Her mom took the pan and cleaned it up for her. The pancake ended up in the trash.

cartoons in bed
James was feeling sick this morning. He did not want to go to school. His mom called him in sick to school. He stayed in bed and watched cartoons all day. At night his mom prepared him some chicken noodle soup.

Bjorn shovels the walkway
Bjorn needed to get to school. He saw that his walkway was covered with deep snow. He got the shovel off the porch. Bjorn shoveled the snow off the walkway. He then walked to school down the cleared walkway.

The big catch
Sara's grandfather took her to a lake to go fishing. Her grandfather helped her hook a small worm onto her pole. Within minutes, Sara caught a tiny smallmouth bass. Her grandfather helped her unhook the fish. Sara waved goodbye as her grandfather tossed it back into the water.

Tennis Table in Tennessee
Ted went with Tim to go play table tennis. They went to the club and looked for opponents. There were no other people willing to play with Ted and Tim. Instead of playing doubles, Ted and Tim played singles. Ted and Tim went back home, exhausted after hours of table tennis.

The Ice Skating Lesson
Kate had her first ice skating lesson. She felt like her feet were going to slip out from beneath her. With her feet slipping, she did fall down! The fall wasn't nearly as bad as she expected. She got back up again in order to keep going.

The Big Party
Steven is a reporter and wanted to get into a big party. He would get a lot of great information for his story. He knew that he needed to find a way to get into the party. Steven asked a friend he knew was going if he could go with. The friend said no and Steven didn't go to the party.

The Noise
Sarah awoke one cold night to a strange noise coming from her window. She got out of bed to go see what it was. As she was walking to the window she saw a small shadow. She opened the curtain and was happily surprised. It was a tiny kitten scratching to get in from the cold.

Bar Stools
I was at the bar last night. I just stopped in for a few drinks with a girl. She was cute and I wanted to get to know her better. I went to go sit at the bar and the stool broke. I fell on my butt and she laughed at me.

Jenna didn't believe
Jenna skeptically called a psychic for fun one night. She put the psychic on speaker phone so her friends could hear. The psychic slowly told her things that were true and recent. The psychic even told her about her friend that was staying with her. Jenna still thought the woman psychic was informed  before her call.

Big Splash
A man stood on the top deck of a large ship and looked over the sea. He wanted to take a picture of the sunset. He took out his camera and held it at arm's length. A sudden wave hit the boat and rocked the man. He was able to hold his camera but screwed up the picture.

Horses
Amanda really wanted to take horseback riding lessons. However, her mom could not afford it, since it was expensive. Amanda decided she needed to find a way to pay for it. She asked her future instructor what she could do. The instructor told her to work at the barn and she could get lessons.

Flu shot
Claire went to the doctor to get a flu shot. She waited in the waiting room for 20 minutes. The nurse brought her into an exam room. The nurse quickly gave her a shot in her arm. Claire got a sticker for being such a good patient.

Bad tattoo
Tom really wanted a tattoo. His friends convinced him to get on on his arm. It was a painful process. When it was done, tom thought it was ugly. He later went to get it removed.

Bad Dinner
Colton's mother told him to drive to the store and buy dinner. He went and looked for a rotisserie chicken, but they were out. He bought sugar cereal and milk instead. His mom asked where dinner was. He happily ate his cereal for dinner and smiled.

The Light
Kim set up her flea market table early in the morning. She had to use a flashlight because it was dark. When she was done, other vendors started to come. They all walked by her table and were impressed with her preparation. The sun came out and Kim sat in her chair to wait for customers.

New friends made
Kelly was afraid to go to science camp. She didn't know if she would make any friends. She had never been away from home before. Thankfully she ended up making some friends. All in all the camp was not that bad.

The Prescription
Mary takes a daily medication for a chronic condition. One day, she noticed she had run out of pills. She submitted a refill request to Walgreen's. She received a text message when the prescription was ready. She picked up the prescription that same day.

The Drive
Amy's dad was driving her to school out of state. They were 4 hours into a 9 hour drive and she was bored. Her dad insisted on listening to his music loudly. Amy couldn't hear her music because his was so loud. Amy stared out the window dreading the last 5 hours.

Larry Cooks Steak
Larry was bored at home. He decided to learn how to cook. He put on the cooking channel. He watched the show and followed the instructions. He was able to cook a pan fried steak by himself.

Field Day
The teacher escorted the class out of the building. We approached the front of school. I was blinded by the amount of tents and activities set up. My teacher continued to direct us. We ended up in a green tent with several tables with food.

Out of milk
Today, I wanted to bake a cake. When I opened the fridge to get the milk, I realized I had run out. I went to the store and bought some milk. I came home and realized I had bought expired milk. I didn't get to bake a cake.

Don't cry over spilled hot chocolate
John had a mug of hot chocolate. He put large marshmallows in it. His sister's chihuahua jumped into his lap. Most of the hot chocolate spilled on the floor. John was annoyed that he had no hot chocolate and had to clean up.

The game return.
Ollie had bought a video game. He didn't end up liking it much. He decided to take it back to the store. There, he chose a new game to replace it. The new game was much better.

Greedy Eaters
After the family set up the food, we all sat down. My aunt gave a small prayer before we started to eat. I didn't get a good amount of food since the family was huge. I started to yell since the food was almost finished. Instead of feeling bad, everyone was laughing.

Dog Escape
Kathy put up a new fence so her dogs could play in the yard. She let them out to play in the mornings. One day, she realized they were not in the yard. They had dug a hole under the fence! Kathy tied her dogs to a tree from then on.

Bill's Bicycle
Bill decided to ride his bicycle to school. On the way there, he got a flat tire. A man saw Bill's flat tire and stopped his car. The driver offered to drive Bill to school. Bill made it to school on time.

Pep Rally
Sandra was not a fan of cheerleaders or pep rallies. She was forced to attend one at school anyway. Sandra tried her best to sneak away. She made it pretty far before the teachers caught her. Sandra got suspended for one week.

Working Out
Joanne joined a gym to get in shape. She went to her first workout in a new outfit. When she used the thigh machine, Joanne split her yoga pants. Joanne asked the attendant for a towel. She wrapped the towel around her waist and fled the room.

House Fire
After Hannah placed the chicken in the oven, she closed it. Since she forgot to remove the mitten from the oven, it got burned. In addition, it started a fire. Hannah took a fire extinguisher and started to take out the flames. It ended up growing and she had to call the fire department.

Annoying Tune
Pat had a song stuck in her head all day. She tried to ignore it but it wouldn't go away. When her mind when blank she heard the song. She tried to listen to the radio until the song was flushed out. After a few country songs she forgot all about the first one.

Mary's Move
Mary had to move to a new apartment. She set out to organize her things. On move day, it took Mary only a few hours to move. She moved just next door to the vacant apartment. Mary was pleased that the move went so smoothly.

Home sick.
Briana and Taylor went to summer camp together. One night, Briana was feeling very homesick. Finally, she asked her counselor to call her mom so she could go home. Tayler was sad and tried to convince her to stay. Unfortunately, Briana was to unhappy and she did go home.

Stephanie's Big Exam
Stephanie was very worried about her upcoming Physics exam. She and other students met at the library to study. When the other students left to attend a party, Stephanie stayed. Finally Stephanie took the exam. She was glad she had studied so hard for her exam.

Ascension
It took us three days to climb the mountain. As we neared the top we found a place to make camp. We layed down our gear and decided to check the view. Above the trees on a rocky hill we stood. The whole valley lay out before us in all its beauty.

Plumbing
Cece's plumbing was out in her apartment. Her ex boyfriend invited her to stay with him. He was still in love with her. Over a few days she began to have feelings for him. They ended up getting back together.

knitting
I love to knit in my spare time as I find it relaxing. I have many friends that are having babies and I need to get gifts. I found out that I can knit baby blankets fairly quickly. So I went to the store and bought a bunch of yarn. Now I am busy making baby blankets that are a perfect gift.

Shout it Out
Kim was upset she had a grass stain on her pink shorts. She showed her mother who laughed. Her mother put Shout on the stain and let them sit an hour. When she washed the shorts the stain was gone. Kim was very happy she was able to save her shorts.

Woods
Tim and Jerry decided to go on a camping trip in the woods. They drove out to the woods and set up their tent. Jerry went off to find wood while Tim waited at the tent. After a while, Tim went to look for Jerry. Tim found Jerry in a diner drinking coffee.

Jackson Learns Bass Guitar
Jackson has always wanted to play the bass guitar. However, his family encouraged him to learn the flute instead. Jackson decided to go against his family's wishes and learn bass. He practices very hard until he is a bass guitar expert. Finally jackson is able to play bass guitar.

Concert Tickets
May really wanted to go to the concert that was playing next week. She tried to buy tickets online, but they were sold out. She looked on auction sites, but they were too expensive. Finally, she put an ad in her local newspaper. A kind reader wrote back to offer her two free tickets to the concert!

Emmie Gets a Bloody Nose
Bob and Emmie went to the park. Bob and Emmie walk on a cement path. Bob and Emmie see some geese. Emmie chases the geese. Emmie falls and gets a bloody nose.

Rainy Tuesday
It had been raining for three hours now. John looked out the window, dismayed that his picnic would be ruined. Just as he was about to give up, so did the rain. John quickly loaded up the car and started to drive. He drove to his favorite picnic spot with his family.

Coming to Town
Ruth and Henry went to visit relatives in Florida. All the relatives went out of their way to make them comfortable. They planned to go to Disney World before they left. Ruth and Henry received some urgent news from home. They booked the first flight back and never went to Disney World.

Vacation
Brandon was excited to finally go to Florida. He and his grandmother had planned the trip for months. The two packed the car with their bags. They got in the car and took off. After 12 hours, the two arrived at their destination.

Sad Christmas
Since we travel on business, we stay in the same hotel for months. We had the sweetest housekeeper who did a great job for us. One day, my husband saw her and she looked sad. Three weeks before Christmas, she told me that she had been fired. She lost her job before she could buy presents for her children.

Bumper Cars
Ollie's favorite ride at the fair were the bumper cars. Being allowed to ram into another car was so much fun. You didn't even get in trouble. He and his friend Joe waited in a long line. But when they finally go on, the wait was worth it!

Cable TV
Gina was at her Uncle Franks and bored. She went to her mother to find out when they were leaving. Her uncle suggested they watch TV to pass the time. She was pleased to find he had cable TV. Gina and her siblings watched TV until it was time to leave.

The shower
Damion took off his clothes and stood looking in the mirror. He popped a pimple on his face and smoothed his beard. He turned the water on and set it to hot just like he like it. When it was time to enter the shower, he put one foot under the water. Finally, he jumped under the spray of water to complete his shower.

The New Radio
It was Tim's birthday. He couldn't wait to see his presents. He got a new shirt. He got a new hat. His favorite gift was the radio that made him jump for joy!

Geneva
Jordan has to go to Geneva to deposit money into a new bank account. On the way there, his boat crashes and sinks. Him and his wife then get saved by a rescue helicopter. Once they get to Geneva, they shop, being thankful they're alive. When it's time to leave, they decide not to take a boat again.

beach
Eva went to the beach one day. She decided to get a suntan. She laid out on the sand. But then she dozed off! Eva woke with a terrible sunburn.

Brad
Brad worked out all of the time but was not gaining muscle. He decided to go to a trainer for help and advice. The trainer told brad he needed to eat more protein. Brad started to eat more protein and saw more muscle gains. Brad was happy with the trainer's advice.

Don't Lean on Glass
It was the fourth of July. Janie was leaning on the storm door while her dad set off fireworks. All of a sudden she was falling backwards. The glass on the door had broken. She needed six stitches in her hand from the broken glass.

The Lost Woman
Fred was in the woods with his brother hunting. They began to follow the traces of a deer into a desolate forest. Eventually, they reached a big canyon where they heard a weird noise. They looked down and saw an injured woman and ran to her aid. The woman had broken her leg, and Fred called for help for her.

Halloween Disaster
Mary was prepared to get lots of candy this year for Halloween. She dressed up as a princess. She went around the neighborhood and filled up her bag with candy. When her bag reached the brim, it tore and all her candy spilled. Mary's mother picked up the candy for her.

The home run
Her team needs a home run to win the game. All year her hitting was terrible. She was nervous but ready to hit a homerun. The pitcher throws the softball. Sandra hits a homerun.

Star Wars Love
Larry recently took a flight to Florida. Larry was excited because he was going to visit Disney World. Larry was most excited to see the Star Wars exhibit. Once Larry reached, he went straight to the exhibit. Larry has the most fun being at the Star Wars exhibit.

A scary ride.
John was riding a rollercoaster. He was very scared but decided to give it a try. Suddenly, the car became stuck on the track. He was terrified, and began to panic. Luckily, the ride was fixed quickly.

Embarrassed Rob
Rob was invited to go trick or treating. But he claimed trick or treating was for children. Inside however, Rob was too embarrassed to wear a costume. Rob stayed inside for Halloween. He felt regret when he saw all of his friend's candy.

Sam's Favorite Ice Cream
Sam had a craving for his favorite strawberry ice cream. He decided to take a walk to the ice cream parlor to get some. When he got there, the strawberry flavor was gone. Sam reluctantly tried the cookies and cream flavor instead. Sam decided that cookies and cookies and cream was his new favorite!

Cell Phone Challenge
Bart challenged Nellie to go a week without her phone. Nelli accepted the challenge. Bart checked in on her every day. She always reported success and was totally silent on social media. She actually cheated the challenge each day with phone web browsing.

Lost Keys
Charles was running behind schedule. He needed to grab his keys and leave for work. But he couldn't find his car keys. He looked all over his room, he even cleaned his room. He was ready to give up, picked up a book and found his keys.

Basketball Practice
David was very busy. He had to go to a friend's house to work on a project. But he had to go to basketball practice first. He had no time to take a shower after practice. And his friend told him to leave.

James Goes on a Hike
James feared that his hiking days were over after gaining weight. He longed to go on a hike, but it seemed impossible. Finally, his brother encouraged him to begin with small walks. James gradually worked up from small steps to a very big hike. He was so happy his brother had encouraged him to keep trying.

Foggy Road
Jerry can barely see the road since it was extremely foggy. He tried to drive slowly to avoid any car crash. However, a car suddenly appeared from behind. The driver ended up crashing Jerry. He blamed Jerry for the accident since he was driving slowly.

Rocky Road
Lisa was in college. And she was quickly trying to get to her next class. There was a path down a hill that was blocked off. But Lisa decided to try to cross it. As she descended down the hill, she sprained her ankle.

Picture Day
Emily had to get her picture taken at school today. She woke early and dressed for the pictures. She went to school and had the picture taken. She had to wait several weeks to get the pictures back. Emily got her pictures and was proud of the way she looked.

Retaliation
Cindy was playing with her mom's phone. When her mom needed a call, she tried to take it away. As much as Cindy resisted, she couldn't hold on to it. She ended up whining on the floor. Her mom wasn't concerned and walked away.

Party
Jed had been looking forward to a party all week. He was hurt when the host didn't invite him to join. Instead he decided to stay at a friend's house. They spent the night playing games and watching movies. He decided that it was much more fun than a party.

Roller Skates
Jane had gotten a new pair of skates for her birthday. She was really excited to try them out. She put them on and rolled out onto the sidewalk. She was off like a flash, rolling around the town. She spent all day skating, she was so happy with her new skates.

The Ticket
Rita was ready to board the train and go home. She checked to make sure she had all of her items. She realized that she did not have her train ticket! She ran home from the station to find the ticket. By the time she got back to the station, the train had left.

Alex
Alex had problems breathing on day. He decided that he should go to the doctor. The doctor told him he was having an anxiety attack. Alex then knew he had to work on his anxiety problems. Alex is better since he goes to therapy.

Slippers
Karen wondered what to get her boyfriend for Christmas. Then she remembered that he always complained of cold feet. Karen decided to buy him a pair of slippers! She searched until she found the warmest pair available. Her boyfriend was so grateful for his warm fuzzy slippers!

Javier's Flute
Javier lost his favorite flute on a trip to California. He was afraid it was gone forever. His friends encouraged him to forget it and move on. However, Javier was determined to find his flute. He returned to California and found his lost flute.

Take Things Slow
Jay loved to rush things. He would often rush his family everywhere. He rushed his girlfriend to get ready for dates. Nobody liked the way he rushed things He knew he needed to slow things down.

Culinary school letter
Maggie applied to culinary school last month. She was worried she would not get in. Today however she got the letter back. It stated she got accepted. Maggie was so proud

Pizza
John considers himself a pizza enthusiast. John tried to eat at every new pizza place that opens. John has been trying out new pizza places twice a week. John realized he could not fit into his clothes anymore. John didn't realize all the pizza he was consuming made him fat.

Buying a Dog
My family and I went to a dog breeder's house. We were looking for a new puppy to bring home! After searching for the perfect dog, we found a Golden Retriever. She was so cute! We brought her home and named her Lily!

Amusement Park
Bill saw an advertisement for a new Amusement Park on television. Bill decided he would visit the park on his next day off. Upon visiting the park, Bill was shocked by what he saw. Bill realized that the amusement park was a giant water park. Bill was upset that another water park was opened in the area.

New frozen yogurt place o
A new frozen yogurt place opened up near me. I decided to check it out. When I got there I tried a sample. It was amazing. I ordered a large and I loved it.

Celebrating Freedom
It was the 4th of July. The Smith family wanted to celebrate. They put up American flags in their front yard. They also lit fireworks. They had a great time celebrating the 4th of July.

Just Short
Amy was making a new dress for a party. She visited the fabric store and bought new fabric. She didn't bring her notes and guessed at how much fabric she needed. Amy laid out her pattern and began to cut the fabric. To her horror the fabric was off by 6" and she couldn't make the dress.

Graduation Grump
Jack didn't want to go to nursery school graduation. He was tired and fell asleep in the car on the way there. But he didn't want to disappoint his mother. He tried to be serious, but was too tired. Jack made all the parents laugh when he yawned and checked his watch.

Too many questions
Fred had been answering questions for the last hour. His voice started to get coarse and so he asked for water. The proctor handed him a bottle of seltzer water. Fred drank a sip of the water and nearly choked. Undaunted, Fred went on to answer questions for another hour.

Gloves
Gordon knew that his wife's birthday was coming up. He wanted to get her something special. A pair of gloves were chosen to help her out on the farm. He wrapped them in a horse-theme wrapping paper. She was excited when she saw what her gift was.

Relaxing After Work
Joe was exhausted after work. He wanted to relax. He put on Seinfeld on his TV. He poured himself a big glass of milk. He enjoyed his evening cuddling with his cat.

Not Here Please
Gina was in a bad mood when she got to her desk. A new boy on the bus had taken the seat next to her. And he waited until the bus was empty to get off. As a result Gina had no time to eat breakfast in the lunch room. She hadn't eaten at home and now would be hungry until lunch.

Dog paddle
Anna took her golden retriever to the beach. She noticed he seemed eager to get in the water, so she let him. She did not think he could swim. But to her shock, he paddled and swam excellently! Anna finally knew where the term Dog Paddle came from!

Missed the Bus Again
Steven's mom kept telling him all morning to hurry up. She knew he was going to be late, if he didn't get to the bus stop. Steven finally grabbed his lunch box as he walked out the door. Just as he turned the corner, he saw the back of the bus pull away. He had to go back home and tell his mom he missed the bus again.

Bike Day
Lenny was excited about school today. When he arrived he put his things away. He asked the teacher if it was time to take out the bikes. His teacher said yes, it was time. Lenny rode his bike with his friends at school.

The Unwanted Puppy
All of the litter of puppies had gone to an new home except one. Because it was the runt of the litter nobody wanted her. The people were trying to give her away outside of the grocery store. Since nobody wanted her a kind woman decided to take the puppy home. Finally the unwanted puppy had a home.

Basketball
My son finished trying out for the basketball team today. He came home so scared and excited he couldn't sit still. He thought he would have to wait weeks to hear the results. Much to his surprise, the coach called and offered him a position. He was so excited he ran through the house screaming.

Study Up
Elvin needed an A on his Final exam to pass his class. He hired a tutor to help him study. He studied day and night until he felt confident in the material. Elvin went to class prepared for the test. He had the second highest score in the class, and he passed.

The Author
Steven wanted to write a novel, but could not find inspiration. He decided the best place to find inspiration was from other books. He read many books, from many different genres. He finally decided on writing a mystery novel. The novel was very successful and acclaimed by critics.

Sean Pets an Elephant
Sean has always wanted to visit India. He learns as much as he can about India before his trip. Finally Sean flies to New Delhi, India. He pets an enormous elephant in New Delhi. Sean is so happy that he finally visited India.

Maybe Next Time
I decided to drive to the mall. I was looking for a particular store that had discounts today. When I came into a front of the outlet, there was a sign. It said that the store was closed for a week. As sad as I was, I went home after seeing the sign.

Animal Adoption
Cindy wanted to adopt animals because she felt bad for them. She adopted one cat and took good care of it. But she felt she needed to give more cats a better life. She adopted more and more cats. But she realized they were too much for her to handle.

Good Cook
Helga spent her day off cooking food for herself. She made chicken parmigiana and rigatoni. She put the chicken in small bags and the pasta in other small bags. She then put all the cooked food into her freezer. Helga had enough food for a week of dinner.

Shoes
Kayla has a pair of new shoes. While in gym class she forgot to put away her shoes. Someone stole her shoes from the locker room. Kayla was very upset. The next day, Kayla saw someone wearing her new shoes.

Heart Stopper
Grandma decided to go on the roller coaster with us. Although the roller coaster didn't move yet, she was scared. I tried to calm her down throughout the ride, but she wasn't relaxed. In addition, she screamed when the roller-coaster went down the peak. Before getting out, she took a few minutes to breathe.

Pool
Joe watched his family sitting around to avoid the heat. Joe decided to give them a way to have fun and stay cool. Joe went to the store and bought an above ground pool. He spent an entire day day setting up and filling the pool. Joe was happy the next day as his family played together in the pool.

heather's jury duty
One day Heather got a jury duty summons in the mail. She was worried about it because she couldn't afford to leave her job. She went to the courtroom on the day for jury selection. In the end she was screened out and didn't have to serve. Heather was glad because she didn't have to miss work.

Pinball Game
Dale was bored and went out for a walk. He saw a local diner and decided to go in. When he walked in, a pinball machine caught his eye. He walked up to play it, and happily put all of his quarters in. Suddenly, the game jammed and Dale lost all of his money.

Oak Island
There were a bunch of scientists that wanted to explore Oak Island. They got a team together and drove to the island. They dug a bunch of holes in the ground. There was treasure buried in the holes. The guys became very rich from the treasure.

Instant Noodles
Margie wanted instant noodles for dinner. She took the packet out of the cupboard. Then, she put the ingredients in a pot of boiling water. Soon, the noodles were done. She was happy to eat them.

The Large Slip
Hillary arrived to her campsite in the middle of the southwest USA. She set up camp and then left to go for a hike. While hiking, she noticed a large canyon and wanted to get closer. While walking over to the canyon's edge, Hillary suddenly fell inside. When she hit the bottom, she was miraculously not hurt.

A speech for class.
Lily had to give a speech in front of the class. She was very nervous. The first half of the speech went well. Suddenly, she forgot her lines. Everyone encouraged her and it was okay.

Tiles
Joe was installing ceramic tiles in a house. He forgot his grout. He had to drive to the store to get it. On the way his tire went flat. And the project went over time.

New Book
Gina wanted to get another book from the library. But she realized she should finish the book she already had. She sat down to read the book she'd started. Two pages later she remembered why she hadn't finished the book. Gina disliked the plot and decided to returned the book half read.

Oil Change
Pete parked his car in the driveway to change his motor oil. He got the jack and proceeded to lift the car so he could get under. He removed the drain plug and filter, letting the oil drain out. After draining, he got the new filter and put on the plug and filter. He started the car up and drove to the shop to recycle the oil.

The Headache
Chris had a headache all morning. He took some medicine but it did not help. He decided to take a nap. Chris napped for three hours. When Chris woke up he felt much better.

Stranger
Eric was walking home from school. And he saw a man walking down the sidewalk while talking to himself. The man rummaged through garbage bins and put bottles in a cart. When Eric reached his house, the man approached him. And Eric ran inside.

Sand Bags
As a nurse for the elderly, I have dealt with all sorts of characters. One lady in particular was quite a hoot! Every morning I would bend over her to take her pulse. Like clockwork, she would touch my breast and ask if it was a sandbag. She has since passed on but everytime I see a sandbag, I think of her.

Karen's Dilemma
Karen was invited to two different parties on the same day. She wanted to attend both, but it was impossible. She worried about it a lot. Finally, she contacted one friend and scheduled an outing with them. She was able to go to the other party without guilt.

The lost coat.
Manny had spent the evening at a party. He was getting ready to leave to go home. He went looking for his coat. The coat had gone missing. Manny had to search for almost an hour to locate his coat.

Awarded
Amy's daughter won first place in a competition. She was so proud. They had worked really hard. At the end they were awarded a trophy. Everyone went out and celebrated.

Finding a Dress
Tammy needed a dress for her friend's wedding. So she decided to go shopping. Tammy went to the mall and tried on dresses for hours. However, she could not find a dress that she liked. She decided she would have to try looking online.

You'll Fail
Kay was going to take her driving exam for her license. Her dad was taking her at 6 am the next morning. All night he went on and on telling her she would fail the test. Her dad told her everyone he knew failed the first time. Kay told him he was wrong and was confident she would pass.

That Hat
The police radio called for the apprehension of a man in a blue hat. Officer Jones saw such a man walk past him. He followed the man to his car. The officer stopped the man and asked him about his hat. The man punched the officer and ran off.

The Scary Movie
Liam took Jill to go see a scary movie in the theater. Jill became very scared. Liam could tell Jill was truly frightened. He kindly suggested that they leave. Feeling protective of Jill, Liam was more endeared to her than ever.

The Avon Lady
Beulah sold Avon for a living. She had done it for years and made lots of money. Beulah finally decided to retire and take a vacation. She checked her savings and found she had over a million dollars. Beulah decided to take a permanent vacation.

Bees
I was tending to my garden. My kumquat tree had just bloomed. I went to go tend to it. I realized there were hundreds of bees swarming the tree. I realized I should be careful during blooming season!

Self-assured
Tom decided to walk from his house to the local movie theater. He felt he knew the way as his brother drove him there before. After walking a few blocks, Tom saw places there were unfamiliar. As he continued walking, he began feeling angry and tired. Tom never reached the theater and struggled to find his way back home.

The Festival
A local festival was happening in my town. I decided to go to it. I showed up and it was very crowded. I watched all the bands play and met some people. Afterwards, I went home and was sad.

Surgery
Sue was only five but she had to have a scary surgery. She begged her parents not to make her. But they said if she didn't she could get very sick. Just before she was put to sleep, her mom gave her a teddy bear. She hugged the bear and felt safe as she fell asleep.

Doing Laundry
Kate was doing her laundry. She was in a hurry. She put everything in together. When she took her clothes out she got a surprise. The colors had bled and blended.

Picnic
Sam wanted to take his girlfriend to a picnic. They went to the park nearby. He packed sandwiches and wine. They drank the entire bottle of wine. They were slightly drunk and had a great time strolling the park.

The charity.
Dave was a homeless man. He was trying to get some food, but he had no money. He noticed a charity. He went inside and explained his situation. Luckily they offered him some food.

Cross Country
Dee had to drive across the country. She prepared for her trip. It took a week to get everything together. She was really nervous. Because she was so prepared it went great!

The exploding toy.
Oliver's parents bought him a robot toy for Christmas. He was checking it out when the toy exploded. It lit on fire, and Oliver's parents put it out. Luckily, no one was hurt. They later learned that the toy had been recalled.

Bud
Bud and Ted were rivals on the same hockey team. One day Ted got hurt with a puck and had to be hospitalized. Bud decided to go visit Ted while he was recovering. At first the boys were quiet, but then they chatted. When Ted came back, they were the best of friends!

Pedicure
Susy had a busy week working on her feet and they were sore. She felt like she needed to be pampered and made an appointment. She arrived at the pedicure place and picked out a color to use. The ladies prepared her station and she sat down and put her feet up. She enjoyed being pampered while they took care of her feet and legs.

Kayla's present
Kayla was desperate to get her mom a super birthday present. She knew her mom was hard to shop for and very picky. Kayla searched all the stores she could think of, and went online. Finally she decided to give her mom a picture of the two of them. Kayla's mom loved the gift and put it in her office.

Oatmeal
I decided to make oatmeal for breakfast. I put the package of oats in a bowl. I added a cup of boiling water to it. I let it sit for 5 minutes. And finally, I got to eat it.

Comics
Jeff was reading comics at night. He was reading Batman, and thought he could be like him. Jeff decided to go in the city and see if there is any crimes. He saw a robbery, and jumped out of his car to stop it. The robber punched him in the face, Jeff will stick to reading comics.

Easy Face Lift
Vera ordered a product that promised a face lift without surgery. When the package arrived, Vera saw it was only a roll of sticky tape. She followed the directions, using the tape to pull her skin tight. Liking the effect, Vera went out wearing the tape. She was laughing with pals when the tape dislodged and her face fell.

Concert
Polly loves music. She really wants to go to a concert. One day, she bought a ticket to a rock concert. It was for the front row. On the day of the concert, she had a great time rocking out.

Unfortunate Latte
One day, I went to a coffee shop to get a latte. I told the barista what I wanted. She took my money and got to work. When I got the latte, I tasted it and it tasted weird. She forgot to put any coffee in it!

Stuck on the Mountain
On our way to a party the car stopped dead on an isolated road. We got out to relax by the creek while waiting for someone to pass by. We got hungry so we made picnic from the food we had for the party. Robert's brother played his guitar while his girlfriend sang. The car started right up and made it home like nothing was wrong.

Snowball Fight
The first snow came while the kids were in school. When they walked out the ground was covered. The oldest decided to roll up a ball and throw it. Once that started, a snowball fight broke out. The kids had the best time ever.

Splash mountain ride
I went on the splash mountain ride last week. At first it was a peaceful ride. We went into a calm tunnel. Then we dropped unexpectedly. I was scared.

Childhood Games Made Real
Jean brought her son Chris to play at my house every afternoon. She and my Mom would visit while we played. Our favorite game was to jump off the porch and pretend we could fly. Chris sent me a friend request on Facebook today. I was sure he was going to be a pilot!

Spilled ash
I was smoking a cigarette in my house. I finished the cigarette and put it out in an ashtray. When my hand touched the ashtray, I flipped the tray over. I spilled ash everywhere and had to clean it up. When I was done cleaning it, I wanted to smoke another cigarette.

Angus The Archer
Angus was an archer in a competition. He was in second place going into the final round. The bow he picked up to shoot with was from his father. He made three shots and they all were bull's-eyes. Angus took first place and the performance was never forgotten.

Deep Sea Fishing Trip
Art loves deep sea fishing. Art and his buddies chartered a boat for 4 hours of fishing. They decided that whoever had the strangest catch would get $50. Art caught an octopus. He received $50 for having the strangest catch of the day.

The Beach
Lisa wanted to go to the beach. Unfortunately, she had too much homework. Lisa decided to finish the homework as fast as possible. She drank some coffee and worked for four hours. She finished and was finally able to go to the beach!

The new Bus Fare
Sam didn't know that the city increased the bus ride fee. The bus driver wouldn't let Sam on because he didn't have enough cash. Sam asked people for spare change. A pedestrian heard Sam and gave him enough change to catch the bus. Sam barely made it to work on time.

Staying up Late
Stewart knew his bedtime was at nine. There was a show he wanted to watch at ten. He tried to stay up. His parents found out and he got in trouble. Now his bedtime is at eight.

Join for Lunch
Lucy wanted to go to a friends. She was waiting for her grandpa to finish his lunch. As she sat he offered her a sandwich. All Lucy wanted was to go to the friends. She waited thinking he ate way too slow.

Heavy traffic
Lance was stuck in traffic. He hadn't move for over an hour. He was fed up, and got out of his car to see what the big deal was. After he stepped out of the car, he saw his car start to lurch. He forgot to put the car in park, and it slammed into another car.

Easter Bunny
Dan decided to dress as the Easter Bunny for his kids. He picked up the costume his wife ordered online. When he put the costume on it was too big. He went to the yard to see the kids wearing the hideously large suit. The children began screaming when they saw the monster bunny.

Lost Phone
Joey was about to leave the house. He realized that he did not have his phone. He looked under the couch, bed, and in the bathroom. The phone was not in any of those places! He found the phone in his jacket pocket!

3 point stance
We used to play football all the time. My friend Chris would always rush the quarterback. He would get into the three point stance. But as soon as he'd rush, I'd run the other way. It was one of my favorite parts of football.

Christmas at grandmas
My family woke up early to go to my grandma's house. We were going to her house to celebrate christmas. When we arrived, we had breakfast and talked. Afterwards, my siblings and I opened presents. We all got great gifts and it was an awesome day.

Time Traveller
Matt wanted to go back in time. He went to the library to look up books about time travel. He read all the books he could find. Then he decided to create his own time machine. He never succeeded because time travel is probably impossible.

A Raise
Tina wanted a raise. She decided it would be easier to commit return fraud at her work. She acquired the help of a co worker. They got away with this for some time. Eventually the two were caught and fired.

Jerry's Fence
Erica adopted a Labrador puppy named Jerry. Jerry loved to run away whenever he could. One day, Jerry was injured when he was hit by a car. Erica had a fence installed while he was in the veterinary hospital. Jerry loved playing in his new, safe yard.

Frozen Water Bottle
It was a hot day. So Kim put a frozen water bottle in her backpack. Later in the day, she felt a damp spot on the back pack. In class, she noticed that all of her papers became wet. Kim got in trouble because her homework was wet.

Loki Goes Outside
Amanda's cat Loki wanted to go out. When Amanda opened the door, Loki ran outside. Amanda did not see Loki leave and shut the door. Amanda looked around for Loki. She opened the door and Loki ran back inside.

Multitasking
Ken needed to do many chores. He tried to do several at the same time to get done faster. He wound up messing some up and having to redo them. It actually took longer. Ken decided to concentrate on each individually instead.

Change of Scene
Gina was in Illinois with her family. She decided she should visit her dad's mom. She had been dreading the visit for a week. She wasn't excited since she knew it would be boring. She decided to go because she knew it was the right thing to do.

When Love Takes Over
Johnny, 18 was attracted to Julie, 35. Julie thought Johnny was too young to approach her. But Johnny walked up to her at her job and asked her on a date. Julie accepted because Johnny had a luxury truck. They made love because Julie didn't fight her feelings.

Marker
Once a week my friends and I hang out. We watch sports on tv. My one friend Tommy loves hockey. The rest of us hate hockey. I bought an extra tv so now Tommy is happy!

Packing
Ryan was told to pack his suitcase for his family vacation. Ryan decided he only needed one set of clothes for the week vacation. Ryan told his parents he had packed enough clothes for the entire trip. Turns out there was a pool at their hotel but he didn't have trunks. Ryan regretted missing out on swimming for the vacation.

Jane Moves Out
Jane was tired of her commute being so long. Jane decided to move closer to her work. Home prices were really expensive there. Jane had to save up for months to afford the down payment. After she moved, Jane was fired and had to make another long commute.

Going to the Doctor
Susan was a special education teacher who did not like to call in sick When she got such last time she didn't go to the doctor. Her Daughter had to force her into the car to go the the ER. She had to stay for several days. She figured out missing one day of work to see the Doctor isn't bad.

Came Alive
Drew took out the lobster from the fridge. He quickly looked over it to see if it was clean. Once he remove the bandage from it's claws, it moved. Drew got clamped on his finger. He hat to cut the lobster's arm off in order to break free.

Disturbed
My father woke me up at 5 AM by slamming on the door. I answered and told him to give me five minutes. I splashed cold water on my face, threw on pants, and answered again. He told me he was just dropping off some mail and to go back to bed. If I had known that I wouldn't be up right now.

The Man I Love
I fell in love with the man of my dreams. He traveled all over the world with his job. I loved to travel with him every chance I got. We fell deeper in love and grew very close to each other. To this day we are madly in love and together often.

Apple Picking
Joy's favorite family activity every fall was a trip to the orchard. The family would drive three hours to the mountains to get there. Once they arrived, they would walk through the trees with baskets. They would carefully look at every apple before selecting it. They would take home enough apples to last a month!

Skipping School
Today was the biggest test of the year. Mike and Ike were not ready for the test. They decided to skip school and go to the movies. They went to school the next day, and were wrong about yesterday. The test was actually today, and they had to take it now.

Home Perm
Gwen decided to give herself a home perm. She bought a kit and got to work on her hair. When the curlers were in place, the phone rang. Gwen lost track of time chatting on the phone. When she took off the curlers, Gwen had a head of springy coils.

Massage Therapy
Jack grew tired of waiting for help as he eyed the large box. The sooner that was put away the sooner he could go home. As he lifted it alone, he felt something pull in his back. Jack had to go to massage therapy that afternoon. He arrived home much later than normal.

Sky
Sky was five years old and about to take her first plane ride. She was very frightened about it! So her mom bought her a model plane and explained how it worked. Then she let Sky watch videos of planes taking off and landing. By flight day, Sky was excited and ready to fly!

Loose tooth
Gina was desperate to get her loose tooth out. She just couldn't pull on it hard enough. Her brother tied a piece of string to it. The other end was tied to a doorknob. When he slammed the door the tooth came out.

Visiting
Omar went to visit his dad for a week in Asia. He loved the sights and smells of the exotic foreign country! When he returned home, he kept thinking about Asia. Finally, he thought of a way to return. Omar flew back to Asia the next year as an exchange student!

New Car
Heidi bought a brand new car. The new car was a convertible and very fast. Heidi started to drive her new car very fast. She started to get speeding tickets and decided to slow down. Heidi regretted buying a sports car.

Nancy Helps Out
Nancy notices the same homeless man begging for money everyday. She feels sorry for him, but she does not have extra money to spare. However, one day she decides to give him a sandwich. He tells her that it is the nicest thing anyone has ever done. Nancy feels happy that she has helped the homeless man.

Recovery
Liam suffered a stroke two months ago. He was just starting to get feeling back into his limbs. They felt funny to him when the nerves started tingling. This allowed him to get a better grip on things in therapy. He was glad that he had some recovery progress.

Deadlift
Steve wants to be able to dead life five hundred pounds at the gym. He currently can only deadliest about two hundred pounds. He set himself up with a year long plan to reach his goal. He worked hard and ate healthy for a year, making steady progress. A year later Steve was able to deadlift his goal weight!

Late to School
One night Sarah forgot to set her alarm clock. The next morning she woke up and panicked after looking at the time. She rushed to brush her teeth and get dressed. Right as she was about to leave her Mom stopped her. Her mom told her that school was out that day.

Fall Asleep
Lucy was watching a movie with her grandparents. She Was allowed to stay up late to see the whole movie. She began to feel her eyelids getting heavy. She fought the sleep, determined to finish the movie. Lucy fell asleep on the couch 30 minutes before the movie ended.

Puppy Love
Lily wanted a puppy for her birthday. She asked her parents if they would get her one. They told her she had to wait until she was older. She was very sad and cried. She decided she would ask for a toy puppy instead.

Beauty School Drop Out
Tanya was a beauty school drop out. She had felt bad about dropping out and decised to go back. The classes were tough but she stuck with it. A salon hired her after she graduated and that made her happy. Tanya is happy she completed beauty school and is doing great.

Getting Dumped
Sam had troubles with his girlfriend. They had been fighting for weeks. They planned to go to dinner one night. Sam's girlfriend dumped him that night. He agreed it was the best idea.

Ethical Rights
John was at the protest rally with Jane. He was more interested in Jane than the rally, in fact. The rally started to get more heated up. John carefully ducked out of the rally, losing Jane. John went home and decided to not maintain contact with Jane.

Growth
Tiffany wanted to grow her hair long. She decided to take better care of her hair. Tiffany went one year without heat styling her hair. When the year was over she straightened her hair. Tiffany was so excited to see how long her hair had grown.

Books Will Do
Lucy was at the library with her grandma. She got off Facebook because she was getting upset. Her grandma was ready to go back home. Lucy quickly grabbed some books and checked out. Books would have to do since she had no internet at home.

The Force Awakens
John, Eric and Carl waited in line for four hours. They wanted to see the premier of the new Star Wars movie. They rushed in the theater to get good seats. After they were settled, Eric went and got popcorn. They agreed afterwards it was well worth the wait.

Mud run
Heather wanted to challenge her friends to a mud run, They got together at the local park to give it a shot. When they got there, Heather was in the lead. Kristen came up behind her and started beating her. In in the end Heather won.

Cooking Contest
Amanda saw an ad for the Annual Cooking Contest. She decided to join and enter her apple pie recipe. She went to the store and bought supplies. Amanda started making pies immediately when she got home. She entered her pie into the contest and won!

Upset Stomach
I decided to travel to Sri Lanka. I wanted to eat street market food. Thus, I ate some raw vegetable salad. It gave me a terrible upset stomach. I realized that in Sri Lanka I should only eat cooked food.

Off Road
Jane bought a new truck She wanted to take it off roading. She was having fun until she heard a snap. The truck had broken down. Jane had to be towed back.

Lost Button
Hal bought a new jacket last week. When he went to put it on today, he noticed a button was missing. He asked his wife to fix it. She found a matching button and sewed it on. Hal's can now wear his jacket again.

High heels
Jen loved to wear high heels. She was wearing her favorite pair one day and stepped in a crack. She got stuck and couldn't get out. It ruined her shoe. Luckily she was able to get it fixed.

Not Always the Students
Chris always thought that he was bad at math. He had to take a remedial course in college. He learned so many concepts that he didn't know about. Now he gets through his upper level courses easily. It turned out that his past teachers were just bad.

Food
The Foley's went out to dinner on Sunday Night. They were all in the mood for Pizza. As they arrive to the restaurant, they notice a food truck parked. The foley's arrived 30 minutes prior to their reservations. They decided to eat from the food truck and the restaurant.

The messed up grass
I woke up one weekend morning and put on some old clothes. I walked outside to get the newspaper and saw my yard was destroyed. There were tire tracks all over the grass and I knew I had to fix it. I called a local handyman and he came out and fixed the yard. I paid him and saw that my yard looked better than before.

Christmas Problems
Faye needed to get the Christmas tree into the living room. She tried to shove it through the front door. Next, she attempted to pull it through the back door. She then took a large rope and tied it as tight as she could. Faye is now enjoying eggnog while decorating the tree.

No Tolerance
Lindy stole my turkey leg when we were in the park. When I tried to grab it, she ran away. Since she can run fast, I experienced some difficulty catching up. In addition, my right shoe opened from the inside out. I ended up falling on the ground.

French Fries
Frank wanted to eat some french fries. Frank decided that he would visit his favorite fast food store. After arriving, Frank ordered a large box of french fries. Frank sat in the restaurant and ate his french fries. Frank was happy that he got to eat french fries.

The Vaccination
George's mother took him to the doctor to get his flu vaccination. She had promised him it would be the nasal spray version. But they were out of the nasal spray and only had the shots! George's mother apologized and told him they could come back later. George's mother was pleased when brave George took the shot anyway.

Nile
Neil was on a Nile cruise. He boarded at Luxor and they set off South. Neil saw amazing sights along the way. He had not known Egypt's history was so rich! He was pleased with the river cruise.

Popcorn
When we were in boy scouts we had to sell popcorn. We would go door to door trying to sell. Luckily some of the  people bought some. We then had to go around delivering the containers. It was a good way to raise money for the troop.

Dog Did Eat My Homework
After three hours Ed finally finished his take home exam for calculus. He left it on the table along with a granola bar to take the next day As he was about to leave, he went to grab his paper and breakfast. They weren't there. He found his paper and the granola wrapper chewed up by his dog's bed.

Puppy Time
Bill decided he wanted a new puppy. His father gave him a goldfish instead. Bill worked hard to take care of the fish. He fed and cared for it daily. Eventually, Bill's father rewarded his hard work with a cute puppy.

Gift
Tina couldn't stop whining about becoming broke. She tried calling her boyfriend, but he wouldn't respond. However, my mom called Tina to go see her. She gave Tina an envelope. When the envelope was opened, several hundred dollars appeared.

Collecting Beads
Mandel liked to collect strangely shaped beads. He had them shaped like everything from fruits to sports players. His prized possession was a large mandala bead. His brother stole the mandala bead. Mandel suspected his brother had done it, but could never prove it.

Jog
Ida wanted to get stronger. She decided to start jogging. At first she could only run a few blocks. But soon she was jogging for miles easily. Ida was proud of her increased strength and endurance!

Bernie's plan
Bernie hates his job and devises a plan. He wants to sabotage his boss and take her job. He plants evidence and gets her fired. Bernie's devious plan works and he gets promoted. Bernie is satisfied with his new job.

Bad Haircut
Lou waited until the day of prom to get his hair cut. He promised his girlfriend he would take care of it. The barber sneezed when he was shaving his hairline. There was a huge swatch of hair missing from the back of Lou's head. His buddies teased him to no end at the dance that night!

Jim Spills Coffee
Jim was having his morning coffee at work. He had an important presentation to give later that day. As he was typing, he accidentally spilled his coffee. His notes for his presentation got soaked with coffee. Jim had to print out another copy before his presentation.

Foiled by a Mouse
Marge woke up to the sound of a mouse in her house. She set out a trap with a sticky surface to catch the pest. Marge was pleased to find the mouse stuck on the trap. She went outside and shook the trap until the mouse was free. The mouse paused a moment before running back in Marge's house.

A photo shoot.
Graham turned four months old. His mom wanted to take pictures to remember the age. She dressed him nice and set him on a blanket. Then, she took a bunch of pictures. Finally, she chose her favorite and edited it.

I broke my computer.
I really love to play video games. Sometimes I get a little carried away with them. I was getting frustrated while playing one particular game. I threw my laptop against the wall. I couldn't play video games until I bought a new one.

Maggie's Tea Party
Maggy decided to throw a tea party for her neighbors. Ms Moffett was the first to arrive, as she is always punctual. Suzi and Liza Dillinger came thirty minutes late. Ms Moffett gave them both a scowl because she hates tardiness. Maggie smiled at the differences between her neighbors.

Crazy Traffic.
Frank was on a family trip. They were supposed to arrive at their family's house by dinner. On the highway they hit a huge amount of traffic. It was taking so long. By the time they got out, they were set back hours in their drive.

Pumpkin Pie
Grandma Rose always made the pies for Thanksgiving. One year, her niece brought a store bought pie to dinner. Rose put the pie in the corner, assuming no one would eat it. At the end of the dinner, her niece's piece was half eaten! Rose vowed never to make another pie again.

London Eye
Amy decided to ride the London Eye while in London. She wasn't sure how long it would take but figured it would be short. After boarding she realized she needed to use the restroom. The fact she had to wait made it feel more urgent. Amy was so distracted she missed the London City views.

The forest
William has fond memories of the forest when he was a child. He would often return to his parents home and visit the forest. Fall was often his favorite time to be there in the forest. He eventually bought a house with its own woods. William tries to relive those memories to no avail.

The shy girl.
Sally felt very shy when the neighbors came over. Sally tried to hide whenever the neighbors came. Sally's uncle used to make fun of her. Once her uncle dragged her out in front of the neighbors. After meeting the neighbors, Sally didn't feel so bad.

The bee in the house.
Kate was bringing in groceries when a bee came inside. She tried to hunt it out and get rid of it. It was hanging out around her window and she tried to bat it. Then, the bee crawled into a hole. She couldn't get it and decided to give up.

Arrest
John was drunk after the party. He decided to drive home and was going above the speed limit. A cop pulled him over and asked for identification. It turns out that he forgot everyone at the party. The police officer had to arrest him.

NoTrees
Bob thought the scenery in West Texas was awful. He bought four thousand acres of land. He put in two roads. He incorporated the town of NoTrees. The scenery now consists of solid shade.

Lost Wallet
Kevin lost his wallet at the movie theater. He tried to go get it after verifying over the phone. They checked his ID but didn't want to give it to him. He had grown a big beard and gained weight. They thought he was a different person entirely.

Going out
It was Monday night. Monday's are my day to go out and play go. I gathered up my board and stones. I hugged my wife on the way out the door. I started the car, glad to be on my way.

A job
Ryan had been looking for a job. He had put out a lot of resumes. Finally he got a call back. He didn't even have to go in for an interview. He got hired on the spot.

Bubbles
Tina was babysitting some young children she didn't know very well. She wasn't sure how to keep them occupied. She decided to take them outside to blow bubbles. She had bought some with her just in case. They had a blast chasing the bubbles around, trying to pop them.

The Work Out Machine
Cody was feeling out of shape, so she bought a workout machine. Cody had good intentions, but they didn't quite work out. The machine sat in her room and all she did was hang clothes on it. Every day she would look at it and think that she should exercise. Soon she got tired of looking at the machine so she sold it.

History Hero
Matt went to the library to take out a history book. While looking for I he browsed more history books. All the titles enticed Matt greatly. He could not resist taking out many more books. The librarian was impressed by the large stack he brought to her.

Disney Fun
One summer, I was thinking about what to do for fun. My parents told me to pack my things and get ready to go. We flew to Florida the next day. My parents decided to take us to Disney World. We had so much fun and made great memories.

The Runner
Mark was severely overweight. One day he decided he couldn't take it anymore. He tried to go outside and run. He only did a mile and was out of breathe. However a year later he did his first marathon.

First art class
Lisa decided to take an art class. She was excited to take it. When she walked into the class she was happy. The first class consisted of drawing. When she was done drawing, she hung it in her house.

bad weather
Claire learned that a blizzard was coming while watching the news. She was unprepared. To get ahead of things she promptly left to get supplies. She was able to make it back before the weather got too bad. Claire was able to wait out the storm comfortably in her home.

Dream Come True
Tad had recently joined a theater group in college. He always wanted to act but decided to work backstage instead. During one play, the lead actor sprained an ankle and couldn't perform Tad, who had memorized the part by heart, auditioned for the lead. Tad passed the audition and finally got a chance to act in a play.

New Clothes
Kay lost 50 pounds and her clothes no longer fit. She decided to get some new jeans for her new body. She was loving her reflection as she tried on jeans. She was really proud of her new figure. Kay was so impressed she bought new jeans and new shirts as well.

A Proposal
Mike wanted to propose to Krissy. He decided to take her out to a romantic dinner. He ordered fancy champagne and a steak dinner. At the end of the night he took out the ring and proposed. Krissy said yes and now they are planning their wedding.

Tutoring
Pete needed some extra help with his homework. His teacher recommended that he go to tutoring. There was a free tutoring club at the school. Pete decided to join and get help. The tutoring really helped improve his grades.

Pro Wrestling
My friend is really into professional wrestling. He convinced me to go to a live show with him. It was a lot of fun. We cheered and yelled and had a great time. I think I'm a fan now, too.

Hot Coffee
On my way to work I stopped to get some coffee. I went through the drive through and placed my order. I paid the cashier and patiently waited for my drink. When she handed me the drink, the lid came off and spilled on me. The coffee hurt and I had to go home and change clothes.

First job
Candy got a job at a local fast food joint. However, the job made her feel very stressed out and sad. She put in applications for a new, different job. She was called in for an interview at an animal shelter. Cindy got the job and felt happier working with animals.

Beach Trip
Todd and Sam had planned a beach trip for the coming weekend. They left Saturday morning bright and early to get a good spot. Upon arriving at the beach they set out a towel and laid down. After a few minutes, a large group of storm clouds appeared. Todd and Sam packed up their beach towels and headed back home.

Texting
Susan always texted on her phone. She would not watch where she was going. She would sometimes run into things. She walked out into traffic while on her phone. She got hit by a car.

Coffee
Susan wanted some coffee. She went into the kitchen and looked at the pot. She filled the pot with water and put in coffee grounds. Then she turned it on. Soon there was coffee.

work hard
my family was poor. if you wanted anything, you had to get it yourself. i wanted a car. i worked hard for two Year's. i saved enough to buy my own car.

Biking to work
I bought a brand new bike. I decided to ride it for most of my activities. I woke up one morning for work. I got ready and got on my bike. I rode for a few miles to my office.

What a shock!
I was drinking some soda out of a cup. I set the cup on my desk next to another cup, which contained water. I got thirsty and picked up a cup to take a drink. It tasted weird! I had expected soda, but drank the water by mistake.

Beetles
Joey liked to collect beetles. One day for show and tell he brought his ladybug collection. All of the children loved it and many asked to hold it. As Suzy held the glass jar, she lost grip and it shattered. Ladybugs were released everywhere and show and tell was banned.

Tinder
Liz met Mike on Tinder. It was an instant attraction. They finally decided to go on a date. They hit it off. They are now engaged.

Dishes
Today I was assigned to do the dishes. There were over fifteen pots and pans to wash. It took me over two hours to get them clean. I am glad I only have to do dishes once a week. I will use less dishes because I do not like to wash them.

Making the Cut
Sam had gotten pretty good with his new baseball glove. Confident in his skills he tried out for his local team. Sam made the cut and was put on the team. He did such a good job that he was moved to first base! Sam was very proud of his new position.

New Bag
Paul had to take out the garbage to the curb. He emptied all his small garbage cans into a large garbage can. He then took the large can out to the curb. Once the garbage man came, he brought his empty can back inside. Paul put a new bag in the can and then washed his hands.

Tennis
Tito challenged his dad to a tennis match. He was only 12 and he was sure his dad would win. But he made his dad promise not to go easy on him anyways! Then the two males started playing tennis. To Tito's surprise, he beat his dad!

Missing a Camping trip.
When I was five we were going to go camping with my neighbor. A day before the trip I got ill and we were unable to go. I was disappointed about missing the trip. The weather was bad and the neighbors were caught in a storm. The camping trip ended up being a disaster and I was glad I was sick.

Train Riding
Mary was boarding a train to visit her grandma. She had a private compartment and enjoyed watching the scenery. She traveled for a full day before the train pulled into the station. Her grandma met her there and showed her a great week in town! After her visit, Mary boarded the same train to return home.

Trouble
Gina was afraid to go to the principal's office. But her teacher decided she was being disruptive to the class. She was in the hall outside her class. She decided to go back in the class and apologize to the teacher. The teacher accepted and she was not forced to go to the office.

Halloween
The Smith children were very excited that it was finally Halloween. They put on their costumes and grabbed their candy sacks. They were finally old enough to walk around without their parents! They raced out of the house to join some friends. Two hours later they returned, barely able to carry their candy bags.

Jenny Loves to Bake
Jenny enjoys baking for her friends on a regular basis. She decided to enter a baking competition. Jenny baked a beautiful and delicious fruit tart. The judges at the competition loved her fruit tart. Jenny won first place at the baking competition!

Dave Wins Big
It was Dave's 25th birthday. He wanted to celebrate with his best friends. They decided to go to the casino. At the casino, Dave won a million dollars! Dave invested his money into a high interest savings account.

Personal Best
Pat had been training for her first 5K all summer. She ran the Fall Festival race. She had set a goal to finish in 30 minutes flat. She pushed herself as hard as she could. She finished the race in just a little over 29 minutes!

The Bear
I was camping with my friends. We pitched the tent and ate hot dogs. We set up our bags in the tent. I heard a roar. It was a bear.

New baby
The smiths were getting ready for their new baby. They made the nursery and packed the bags. When it was time to go into labor, they ran to the hospital. Luckily the mother was not in pain. When the baby was born, it was a girl.

Green Ninja
Timmy liked dressing as a turtle. It was his favorite cartoon on tv. His mom let him go to school dressed as one yesterday. All his friends were jealous that he got to wear a turtle costume. He went home a popular student that day.

Lemonade Stand
Ben and Jill spent all morning making lemonade and cookies to sell. They got everything set up and ready to go. They were outside for about ten minutes when it started to pour. The rainy just wouldn't stop. So Ben and Jill enjoyed the cookies and lemonade themselves.

Mary's Flower Basket
Mary always day dreamed of the wildflowers that grew next door. One day she decided to take her basket with her to pick some. She spent a whole hour observing and picking the flowers. Her mom came outside and gasped. Mary didn't realize the flowers belonged to their neighbor!

New Restaurant
Mary was interested in dining at a new restaurant in town. She had called for weeks to try and get a reservation. After weeks of calling she was finally able to get a table. Mary ordered chicken and rice and received her chicken under-cooked. Mary was disappointed and left a bad review.

False Advertisement
Tina ordered a toy set that she saw on the commercial. The toy arrived within a week. She tried to set it up as soon as she opened it. Afterwards, she showed it to her child. When the child was playing with it, it broke instantly.

Exchange Student
Lisa was all ready to go to her trip to Europe. She went on the plane and arrived to Europe in half a day. Lisa got settled into her dorm and was having a good time. Unfortunately, Lisa was very upset. She forgot to bring her purse full of Euros with her!

The Evil Mother
Charles' mother would always give him a bad experience. In college he studied psychology and figured his mother neurotic. When he moved out, his mother didn't contact him at all. But Charles got wealthy and famous locally. Then his mother showed but Charles wouldn't take her calls or visits.

The Pitcher
Jamie was pitching at a baseball game. He decided to try and throw ten strikes in a row. Jamie threw five strikes in a row in the first half. In the second half, Jamie hurt his arm while pitching. He was unable to finish the game and didn't get ten strikes.

Mark
Mark was a horrible child who was always whining. When he didn't get his way, he would scream and throw a fit. One day, Mark got in trouble at school and threw the biggest fit. He screamed and cried and held his breath. All the other boys and girls saw him act like that and didn't like him

eggs
Ed decided to get more protein. He decided he would eat raw eggs. Swallowing them whole was gross! But he began mixing them in his milkshakes. That was yummy and very palatable!

Sarah Buys a Map
Sarah was traveling on vacation. She was lost and did not know how to get back to her hotel. She had lost her smartphone the night previously. She bought a tourist map at a store nearby. She used it to navigate to her hotel successfully.

Fashion Jam
James needed new clothes to go to the party. He didn't have enough money to afford a new outfit. Last night, it snowed heavily in his neighborhood. James went outside with a shovel and began shoveling snow. He made enough money shoveling driveways that he got his new outfit.

Allie's fallacious tales
Yesterday Heather invited Allie and the girls to go on a trip. All the girls agreed except for Allie. Allie said she was sick and couldn't go. Heather didn't believe Allie and accused her of lying. Allie was so offended she decided to not speak to Heather.

Work Woes
Sharon is trying to get a promotion at work. Sharon submitted her resume. Sharon learned someone else got the job. Sharon was devastated. Sharon quit because she felt unappreciated.

Seagull Thief
Fred was starving when his dad handed him a sandwich. He had been playing on the beach all morning. Just as he was about to take a bite it disappeared. A seagull had grabbed it right out of his hand. His dad shared his sandwich with him.

Potato Bulbs
Mary ordered expensive bulbs to plant in her garden. She spent an afternoon planting the bulbs. Mary couldn't wait to see the bulbs bloom into flowers. The next day, Mary's son came running into the kitchen. He showed her the 'potato' bulbs he had dug from the garden.

addicted
Ava was addicted to crack. She wanted to get clean for her kids. She went to rehab. Afterwards, she attended counseling sessions. Her kids were very proud of her.

Vending Machine
Sue was excited to get her dream job. She felt like she'd made it as she took her first coffee break. In the break room, she put her last quarters in the vending machine. When she pressed the button, nothing came out. Sue was kicking the machine when her new boss walked past.

Ad Block
Frank is working on an ad blocking extension for Chrome. Development has been pretty tough lately. He had to work for days to get around tricks used by advertisers. Frank's extension is coming along nicely, though. It's the best ad blocker I've ever used.

Big Gift From Big Cousin
Chuck was known as the family bum. Portia thought Chuck wouldn't see her graduation or give her a gift. But, on graduation day, Chuck drove to Portia's ceremony. He gave Portia an envelope with three hundred dollars in it. Next, Chuck reminded Portia the he graduated college too.

Lazy Day
Today was Frank's day off. Rather than being excited, he felt quite bored. Rather than staying at home, he decided to take a walk. He walked down the sidewalk and saw a beautiful red bird fly overhead. This was a rare sight so now he was not quite as bored.

The hair tutorial.
Maya had a popular Youtube channel. She had a goal to post a video every day. Unfortunately, she had run out of ideas. Suddenly, she had the idea for a hair style tutorial. She filmed the video and then posted it.

New Business
Bill broke his phone. He didn't have money to get it fixed. He put flyers in all the mailboxes on his street. He would mow any size lawn for $25. He made enough to get his phone fixed in just one weekend.

First snow
A snowflake drifted from the sky to the ground. Carl saw this happen from a window while inside. He went outside to collect it. That flake was nowhere to be found. Carl waited for the next flake to arrive.

Cleaning the Car
Betty had been looking forward to Saturday all week. She wanted to thoroughly clean and detail her car. She got her supplies together and set to work. When she was done, something still felt not quite right. Betty found a new car smell air freshener, and that did the trick.

The First Time
I went to see my long-distance girlfriend in New York. The plane ride was agonizing but exciting! When we met in the airport, I was terrified. However, things turned out great, and we had an amazing time. I flew back home with a renewed hope for our relationship.

Blended Family
Ricky wasn't sure he would like his new step brothers. He wasn't looking forward to living with them, and felt angry. His mom asked him to please try and get along. Ricky agreed, just to make his mom happy. To his surprise, though, his stepbrothers were cool kids.

Cheerleading tryouts
Katie really wanted to be a cheerleader. She decided to go to the tryouts. When she got to the tryouts she did her routine. She did a backflip and some cheers. The captain agreed to let her on the team.

Flowers
Hannah was a flower farmer, and grew a variety of beautiful flowers. One day while she was cutting flowers, she got stung by a bee. She quickly ran into the house to get her EpiPen. Hannah grabbed the EpiPen and stabbed it into her leg. Hannah decided to take the rest of the day off.

A surprise pizza.
Cassidy was at a pizza place with her family. They were ordering and chatting with the waiter. During the conversation, Cassidy mentioned that it was her birthday. The waiter congratulated her and then left with their orders. When he came back, he surprised her with a free birthday pizza.

Ballerina
Rosie was very clumsy and lacked balance and grace. Her mom decided to put her in ballet. As she learned more moves, her balance got much better. Soon, her clumsiness was gone and she could balance on one foot. She was so happy, she decided to take up tap dancing too.

Hobby
John decided he wanted to make a positive change in his life. He decided to take up a healthy hobby. He decided to get into cycling. He bought a good bicycle. He had fun riding the various trails around town.

Tammy's Dog Walk
One day Tammy decided to take her dog on a walk. She had never done that before, so she didn't use a leash. As they were walking, her dog got excited and ran away. It took Tammy two hours to finally find her dog. Now whenever she walks her dog, she makes sure to use a leash.

Quincy Becomes a Farmer
Quincy was tired of his life working in an office. One day he called his friend Rex who worked on a farm. Quincy asked if Rex could get him a job on the farm. Rex said that he could if Quincy was willing to work hard. The next month, Quincy began his new life as a farmer.

Water Damage
I bought Casey a kindle for Christmas last year. Yesterday she dropped it in a sink full of water. She put it in rice to dry out. She finally told me about it when it wouldn't turn back on. She was thankful when I told her that I have a warrantee.

Christmas Time
Sarah lives far away from her family. She sees them very rarely. Sarah wants to visit home for Christmas, but can't afford to travel. One day, Sarah gets an envelope in the mail. It's a plane ticket her parents bought for her to come home.

School Problems.
Timmy was struggling in math. He needed to pull a B on his test in order to pass his class. He studied for hours on end. He felt prepared on the day of the exam. He took the exam and ended up getting an A on the test.

Baby Sitting
I was once hired to babysit a neighbor's kid. We played hide and seek. Then we played checkers. Then we ate dinner. Finally I got paid 20 dollars.

Saturday Night Live
Kim and Beth wanted to see SNL while in NYC. They went online to get tickets but couldn't get any. Kim and Beth decided to wait in the standby line. The girls stood in the standby line for 3 hours. Finally they gave up and watched the show from their hotel.

Candy prize
Yesterday I went to the doctor. I had to get a round of shots. I hate getting shots. When I was done with the Doctor, I got candy. The candy was a reward.

Too much Fun
Drew came out of the roller-coaster. He was excited despite feeling nauseous. Instead of resting, he decided to ride another roller coaster. Before the ticket vendor placed him in inside, he threw up. His mom had to carry him home since he couldn't drive.

Never too late
Kelly and her friends wanted to go to the new movie. It was starting soon and the girls needed to get there soon. When her friends got there it was late. Thankfully the theater let them still attend. They told them they were never too late.

Burgers
There use to be this amazing burger joint near Bob's house. He used to go there almost everyday after work. The prices were good and the food was even better. Then for some reason the burger joint was shut down. Bob now has to find a new place to get his burgers.

Test Day
Gary didn't want to go to school today. He had been up all night studying for a big test and wasn't ready. When he got to school, his teacher was stuck at home sick. Instead of the test, Gary got to watch a movie in class. He was so thankful to get another day to study for the test!

The lizard on the rock
There was a lizard lying on the rock. I wasn't sure if it was alive so I crept up to get a closer look. When I got near, it didn't move. I figured it was sleeping, or maybe it was dead. Then, all of a sudden, it scurried away.

Decorating the tree.
Nadine set up the Christmas tree. She strung the lights up first. Then, she strung some popcorn on it. After that, she added ornaments, candy canes and tinsel. Finally she put a star on top.

Pirates
Bo decided to go fishing. While out on the ocean, his fishing boat lost power. Bo's boat drifted south for a couple of days. When another boat finally spotted Bo, it was a pirate ship. Bo and the pirates now travel the world plundering other boats.

Jelly Roll
I decided to try to bake a jelly roll for the holidays. I used flour, sugar, and followed the recipe. I filled the dough with jelly and cream. I baked them for 30 minutes. I ate 3 jelly rolls because they were so delicious.

No Movie
Tom saw his friend, John at the movies with another boy from school. Tom felt bad that he hadn't been invited to go with them. He didn't let them see that he was there too. At school Tom asked John if he had seen any movies lately. John said that he had not.

Uprising
We had just arrived in Shanghai that morning. Some sort of uprising was going on in the country. We were asked to stay in our hotel. That night we saw a man in a white shirt stand in front of tanks. The next day the consulate asked us to leave the country.

Alone Time
The baby girl began to fuss. Daddy rocked her and began to sing. Eventually, she fell asleep and Daddy put her down. Before long, Daddy and Mommy were sharing a glass of wine. Happily, they sat holding hands and reminiscing.

Katherine Went Shopping
Last weekend, Katherine decided to go shopping. She figured the mall would be the best place to start. One of her favorite stores was having a one day sale! She spent two hours trying on all kinds of clothing. At the end of the day, she went home with three bags full of clothes.

Popcorn.
I wanted to eat popcorn while I watched a movie. I put the popcorn in the microwave. Just then, my phone rang. As I was talking on the phone, I smelled something burning. I had forgotten the popcorn and burnt it to a crisp!

New Car
My 98 year old friend's daughter drives him everywhere. Three weeks ago her car was totaled. She bought another car quickly so she could drive her dad. I praised her for taking care of her father so well. She said it was her honor.

Ambulance Ride
Sam was having a heart attack He needed to be rushed to the hospital. Sam refused to call 911 and asked someone to drive him. He didn't want to pay the expensive charges. Sam made it to the hospital with the help of a friend.

Missing cat
Tom had been asking his parents for a cat for weeks. Finally, his parents told him they could get one kitten. Tom and his parents found a cat online and picked it up. When they brought it back, Tom took a nap with it. When Tom woke up, the cat was nowhere to be found anywhere.

A Day With Grandpa
I have a date with Grandpa today. He is picking me up at noon. I hope he takes me to get some ice cream. We usually go to the zoo. I love spending my days with grandpa.

Jill Goes Back To School
Jill had recently graduated from college. She wanted to get a job in the medical industry. She applied to hundreds of different hospitals. She got denied because they required a graduate degree. Jill eventually went back to school to try and get her masters.

Soccer
Ila asked some friends to play soccer with her. They all met at the field in the park. Then they set up their goal posts. Soon they were kicking, running, and laughing. Ila and her friends had a fantastic time playing soccer together!

Not Going to
A girl named Val wanted to fight Ali. Ali declined to fight. Ali decided not to meet Val, and go home instead. As she walked to her bike she saw Val waiting near it. Ali mustered her courage and approached the bully.

Contest Winner
Dan loses his job. His friends try to give him money. But he is too proud to take it money from friends. So they set up a fake radio contest and rig it for him to win. He never finds out the truth.

Dog Pepper Spray
Tim was a postal carrier. But he was afraid of dogs. He decided to carry dog pepper spray with him. But one day, he was attacked by a person instead. Unfortunately, dog pepper spray is weaker than normal pepper spray.

Cat in the Tub
Becky was excited because her cat was ready to have kittens. She made a special spot for the soon-to-be mama cat to give birth. That night, Becky heard the unmistakable sound of new kittens. She couldn't find the mama and babies in the special spot she made. Becky followed the sound to find the kitties in the bathtub.

Bunsen Burner Accident
Jay's 7th grade class was told to be careful with the bunsen burners. It would be easy for someone to accidentally get burned. Jay was being careful, but not careful enough. He realized that his flame was too close to the girl in front of him. Unfortunately some of her hair was singed off before he noticed.

Jealous Cousin
Gina was playing a hot song on her radio. You could hear the song as you walked past her house. Her cousins came over to visit and heard the song playing. They were jealous they didn't have the song. That was what Gina had intended all along.

Waffles
Shawna wanted to eat some waffles. She did not want to go to a restaurant. She did not own a waffle iron. She attempted to make waffles in her portable grill. It was a disaster.

The Cold
David hadn't felt healthy for a few days. He tried to go to school in order to pass his math class. While he was taking his test he began coughing and felt very sick. The nurse of the school ended up coming to check on him. He was told he could take a makeup test and to go home for the week.

Bouquet
Anne needed a bouquet of flowers for her wedding. She set off down the road. She picked every lovely flower she saw. Then she assembled them together. Anne had made a lovely wildflower bouquet!

Tim Buys Socks
Tim needed to get new socks. He always lost his socks when doing the laundry. He ordered a large crate of 1,000 off of eBay. He was able to get them for cheap buying bulk. Tim never needed to buy new socks ever again.

The visit
Laura was forced to put her child up for adoption when she was 16. She thought about the baby she gave up often. She never married and went to a nursing home when she was old. No one ever visited her. However, her child tracked her down and showed up one day to meet her.

Taxes
Haylee hates to do her taxes every year around April. She has boxes of receipts and papers that she needs to go through. She finally sat down and started making a list of her deductions. She put it away for a few weeks and then brought it back out. She sat down again and spent 4 hours finishing up this awful task.

The Magician
Danny wanted to be the greatest magician who ever lived. He talked his parents into getting him a magic set and lessons. He spent countless hours practicing and failing. He started to grow weary, but his father talked him through it. He performed his first show and did everything perfectly.

Sharks!
Mandy's family was finally taking their long-planned beach vacation. Mandy couldn't wait to swim and play. However, a lifeguard announced that a shark had been spotted! In fact, all the nearby beaches were closed due to sharks! Although disappointed, Mandy became interested in marine biology.

Jack Walks His dog
Jack's dog is jumping around. Jack decides to walk his dog. Jack walks around the block with his dog. Jack brings his dog home. Jack takes the leash off his dog.

The Gym
Today I took my daughter to the gym. She decided she wanted to run on the treadmill. She started off great but quickly began to have problems. She tripped over her loose shoelace. She decided not to try the treadmill again.

Bell
I had a dog. But, I didn't have a doggy door. I decided to train my dog to ring a bell when he wanted to go out. After a while, my dog started to ring the bell nonstop. I realized I had trained him poorly.

Family Time
The Beck's family used to go to the park a lot. They haven't been there in 2 months! So they decided they would go this weekend and have a picnic. Saturday came along, and the Becks were excited. But, it started to rain really bad, and they can't go to the park.

Easy breaks
Kate hated her job at a shabby bar downtown on the graveyard shift. She had been robbed twice, assaulted once, and constantly demeaned. One night she had enough and took the days take with her when she left She panicked at 4am, but the place was in flames upon her return. Kate claimed the money as gambling profit and started a nursery.

Sleepy Smoking
Art woke up in the middle of the night, craving a cigarette. He was tired but decided to take one from his pack. He lit up and felt relieved. Almost a minute later, he noticed that it was lit the wrong way! He felt like an idiot and decided not to smoke until morning.

Picnic
My grandmother and I used to go to the park for picnics. She would always bring my favorite kind of pastry. One picnic, she forgot the pastries, and thought I would be upset. I told my grandmother that wasn't important. The important part was just spending time with her.

Cheap cell phone
Suzie needed a new cell phone, but didn't have much money. She decided to go to Walmart and see what they had. At Walmart, Suzie saw a $5 Tracfone. After buying the phone, she loaded it with minutes. Suzie used the phone to prank call her mom.

Public Opinion
Tyler participated in a focus group. He was skeptical of the crowd and nervous to give his opinion. He struggled, communicating thoughts on the presidential election. Eventually Tyler relaxed enough to contribute to the group. He exceeded his own expectations.

A payment issue.
Jeremy saw that his Netflix account was suspended. He realized his payment didn't go through. He went online and reentered the information. This time, the payment worked. Jeremy was finally able to watch Netflix.

The Flare
I was fishing on my new boat when I started to have engine problems. I could not get my engine to start. I was stuck in the middle of the ocean. I shot a flare for help. A boat saw the flare and came to help me.

Car Repairs
My cane needed repair. It has a strap that slips. I put electrical tape on it, but it is loosening. Today I put a cable tie on it. That solved the problem for now.

Annoying Cat
Sam got himself something to drink. He set it on the edge of the table. His cat got close to it. Sam told him to get away. The cat knocked over the drink anyway.

Angry Dog
Mike walked downstairs to leave for work. When he opened his front door, a large dog was standing there. The god looked very angry and began to bark at Mike. Mike ran inside and grabbed his bottle of mace. He sprayed the dog who began to whimper and went on his way.

Lost Keys
I was trying to leave my house in a rush but I couldn't find my keys. I looked all over the house and in all my pockets. All the while my cat sat and looked at my like I was crazy. After 10 minutes of this my cat got up and walked off. My keys were under my cat the whole time.

The Nap
Daniel was very tired after work. He decided to take a nap. Later, Daniel woke up to birds chirping. He realized it was already morning the next day. Daniel was upset that he already had to go back to work.

My Dog's Haircut
My dog, Annabelle, was looking a bit shaggy. I decided I would give her a haircut. I plugged in the clippers, but they wouldn't seem to work. I tried a different outlet, but to no avail. Unfortunately, I had to finish the entire haircut using scissors.

Being Lost
I went with my mom to the supermarket to help her with groceries. I went in a different isle to find something for her. I ended up lost since the place was huge. I ran across each aisle for several minutes. Before she left, I found her.

Car Show
Jim loves cars. He has never been to a car show. Last Friday, he decided to go to his first car show. At the car show, Jim was able to see a lot of concept cars. Jim was happy he was able to attend.

windless
Ana took her kite to the park. She unfurled it. Then she began to run with it. But there was no wind at all! Ana couldn't get her kite off the ground.

Jimmy Gets New Shoes
Jimmy had to get a new pair of shoes. His cat had ripped his old shoes to shreds. Jimmy went to the mall to browse some shoes. He decided to purchase a pair of white tennis shoes. Unfortunately, his new tennis shoes got stained the very next day.

The Baby
The baby would not stop crying. It woke up the entire house. The mom finally decided to give it a bottle. The baby fell back asleep. The rest of the house could not go back to sleep.

The Makeover
Alice was not feeling confident. She told her friend Jill. Jill decided she was going to give Alice a makeover. She did Alice's makeup to compliment her appearance. Alice looked in the mirror and felt great about herself.

First Day of School
Jenny was starting Kindergarten today. She told her mom she was excited, but Jenny was shaking. She wouldn't leave the van, but her mom made her. One Jenny got to school she was very shy. Eventually she opened up, and made lots of friends on her first day.

The Scary Cat
One time, Papa decided to take the family to the mountains. The kids sat in the back of the old army truck for hours. They set up camp and collected firewood. Tom went exploring and heard a big, loud roaring sound nearby. Thinking it was a lion, he sneaked away and saw was a bobcat!

Cram Session
Kathy had a very big test in her history class. She stayed up all night to study for it. When she went to take the test, she was confident she would do well. When she got the test, she didn't recognize any of the information! She had accidentally studied the wrong chapters.

The missed finale.
Kathryn was excited about the finale of her favorite show. Unfortunately, she had to work the night that it premiered. She set the DVR to record it. When she got home from work she immediately went to watch the episode. Then, she saw that her recording hadn't worked and she missed it.

Sledding
Eric had a new sled that he couldn't wait to try out. Only there wasn't any snow yet. Finally on Saturday morning he woke up and it had snowed. He called his friend John to meet him on the hill by the school. They took turns riding down the hill on Eric's new sled.

Helping the Crime
Jimmy watched his friend get bullied. He was pushed against a locker and punched a few times. Jimmy stayed until the bullies left. However, he didn't do anything to help his friends. In addition, he got in trouble for being a bystander in the situation.

Ricky Gets Solar Panels
Ricky was tired of paying his utility bills every month. He decided to get solar panels installed in his home. It took a week for them to install everything. Ricky's energy bill was reduced to nothing. Ricky was so happy of his investment in solar panels.

Headache
Throughout Peter's math class, he had a bad headache. Although it was hard for him to pay attention, he tried to be calm. However, he had to leave 45 minutes before the end of class. His friend decided to look for him. He found peter, throwing up in the bathroom.

Lost in a Book
Nell looked forward to a visit from the book mobile. She found a cozy spot to read in the back of the mobile library. Soon, Nell was lost in the plot of the book. She didn't hear the engine start or notice the book mobile moving. When Nell finished her story, she found she was far from home.

Beach Day
Oscar spent the day at the beach with his friends. They surfed and played volleyball for several hours. No one remembered to bring sunscreen. Oscar got a painful sunburn all over his upper body. He vowed never to come to the beach without sunscreen again.

The homemade stocking.
Amy was having her first Christmas with her husband. They needed their own set of stockings. They couldn't afford much so Amy decided to make them herself. It took her months to learn how and then complete them. On Christmas, the stockings were perfect.

Cooking Dinner
Jake cooked dinner for his girlfriend. He spent a long time preparing a nice meal. His girlfriend wait until it was cold. She then ate only a bit without thanking Jake. He dumped her the next day.

Cloudy View
Joe went on a hike in the mountains to view the scenery. After two hours of hiking he was high in the mountain. The weather was so overcast that he did not get a very good view. He decided to take a picture of the scene anyway. After taking the photo, he began to hike his way back.

Apple Picking
Bella loves to go apple picking. She gets to go with her grandparents. This year, they went to a different orchard. The orchard was filled with a lot of apples. Bella picked a whole bushel full of apples.

New floor
Tom was remodeling a house for his boss. His boss had told him to put in new wood flooring. Tom decided he didn't want to do that, so he put in carpet. Tom's boss came back, and got angry at the flooring. Tom's boss made him do the floor all over again.

Bunk bed
Rachael told her brother he could fly. She told him he had to get on his bunk bed. Then told him to jump  and flap his arms. He didn't fly and he broke his arm. While it was a sad situation she told him he had to flap harder!

Fast Pass
David went to Magic Kingdom in Orlando Florida. He wanted to ride on space Mountain but the line was very long. His friend Peter told him to get a fast pass to make the wait shorter. A fast pass allows you to use a special line. Instead of waiting for an hour David was able to get on in 15 minutes.

T Ball
Mike couldn't wait to play baseball like his big brother. He was disappointed when he went to his first practice. The ball was on a little stand. His brother told him that he started with t ball too. That made Mike feel much better.

Dirty Paws
I didn't feel like taking my dog for a walk. I opened the door so he could run in the backyard. He likes to dig, so after a few minutes I called him back inside. His mouth and paw were covered in mud. I had to give him a bath.

Fire
Jim began cooking fried chicken on the stove. As the chicken sizzled, he remembered he forgot something in the car. Jim left the kitchen to get the sauce he left in the car. While he was outside the oil spilled over and started a fire. Jim called 911 and the fire department came to put out the fire.

Stuttering
Bob had a terrible case of stuttering. He decided to get help. He hired a speech therapist. He worked hard to improve his stuttering. After many years, he no longer stuttered!

No Walk
Lucy decided to go for a walk hoping to cure her boredom. At the end of the block her grandmother's voice called her back. She turned to see her grandma standing on the sidewalk. Lucy turned around and went to her. Grandma wouldn't let her go on a walk for fear she would get lost.

stole
A bully in Tim's class stole his lunch. Tim asked him to return it, but he wouldn't. Tim didn't like violence, but he punched the boy anyway. The boy fell and started crying loudly. The teacher sent Tim to the principal's office for punishment!

Appendix
Doug had a terrible stomach ache that wouldn't go away. He finally told him mom. She could tell he was in a lot of pain so she took him to the ER. There they diagnosed him with appendicitis. He had to have surgery right away.

Hacked
Gina tried to access the internet. All of a sudden, she couldn't control the cursor. It began to move on its own. In addition, several applications opened up. The computer turned off afterwards.

Gossip girl marathon
Yesterday I was feeling rather lazy. It was the weekend and I decided to stay in. I crawled into bed and turned on Netflix. I decided to watch gossip girl. I watched for hours to occupy myself.

Allergic
Drew gave his girlfriend a pair of flowers. Her girlfriend gave him a large hug and took the flowers away. A few minutes later, her face started to get puffy. She immediately fell on the ground. Drew called the ambulance and they gave her medication.

Wrong Restaurant
Ben waited and waited for his friend Sal to show up. They were meeting for lunch. Finally half an hour after Sal was suppose to arrive he called him. Sal was waiting at a different restaurant. Ben had made the mistake, so he drove to the other place to met Sal.

Silly Cat
Al went to the basement to check a fuse. He saw something move out of the corner of his eye. He froze in terror. He mustered the courage to turn around. He found himself looking at his silly cat.

Space Race
Years ago, two countries were both determined to reach space. Each wanted to beat the other. One country managed to put a satellite and a person in space first. However, the other country managed to put a man on the moon first. Now, the two countries cooperate in matters of space exploration.

Loose Tooth
Emma had been trying to pull her loose tooth out for days. She was afraid to pull it quite hard enough to get it out. Her parents kept trying to let them help but she said no. One evening her brother gave her a wad of bubblegum. She felt a tug as she was chewing as her tooth came out in the gum.

Walking Home
John and Tim were friends who went to the same school. They decided to walk home with each other. They walked together every day and talked to each other. It really strengthened their friendship. They're grateful they decided to walk together.

Police Station
Lucy was lost and crying on the curb when a lady helped her. The kind lady drove Lucy to a police station. As they arrived Lucy was afraid to leave go inside. The lady held her hand and walked her into the station. Lucy waved goodbye to the lady and approached an officer.

All against one
The mayor was trying to be re-elected for the next term. He told all his supporters to put up signs around town. The day before the election he had the support of 99% of the town. The opposition resisted the mayor until the final ballot. The opposition failed to win the election from the mayor.

Cleaning bottles.
Martha was cleaning some bottles. She had to wash all of the little pieces, like the stoppers. Then, she put hot soapy water in the bottles. She used a brush to scrub the sides. Then, she rinsed it all.

Against Her Will
Erin absolutely hates superhero movies. One weekend she lost a bet to her boyfriend. Her boyfriend made her go see Deadpool with him. Erin laughed louder and harder than anyone in the theater. She decided she would give more superhero movies a try.

Car Troubles
Tim went to get his oil changed. The mechanic told him that the belt on his engine is broken. He said if he doesn't fix it the car would shut down. He told Tim it would cost six hundred dollars to fix. Tim was upset but paid it anyway.

Trip
When I was a child my family would drive to Cape Cod. The trip took a few hours. So, of course I would get really bored. One year, my dad finally came up with a cure for this problem. He bought me a handheld game console and I stopped being bored.

Daycare
Julie loves kids and has three of her own. She is a stay at home mom who runs a daycare in her house. Her husband was a little nervous about money when Julie quit. Then he noticed that Julie makes even more from this daycare. Julie has started a pretty good little business.

advertisements
Joe was making an advertisement for his line of shirts. It didn't go well. It was horrible quality. Joe got a huge loan from the bank. After that he was able to make a great advertisement.

Calling For His Wife
Donald thought he was disappointed with his wife. He told her she didn't cook and clean enough. Then he told her to go with him on a trip but she didn't want to. Donald was upset, took her door key, and then kicked her out. Three days later, Donald called after his wife offering her key back.

The Sneaky Cat
My neighbors have a grey cat which mostly stays outside. I had put a bird feeder in a tree I could see from inside my house. I was watching the birds feed when they suddenly all flew away. Then I saw the neighbor's cat hiding behind the tree. It had tried to catch a bird but they were all too quick for it.

Babysitting at the gym.
Mackenzie was a baby-sitter. One mom wanted to work out at the gym. Her baby was too shy to stay in the day-care. So Mackenzie offered to sit with the baby at the gym. She got paid really well for the job.

Jan Gets Her Driver's License
Jan was ready to get her driver's license. She had practiced a lot, but she was still nervous. She went to the DMV office and handed in her paperwork. She got in the car to take her road test. She passed on the first try and got her license.

Sledding
Mia wanted to go sledding. She called up her friends. They said it sounded like fun! They all met at the hill in town. They spent the whole day sledding and laughing!

No Favor
Diana needed her book bag for school. Since she was in school, she called her boyfriend. She asked him if he can get it for her. When they met up, he gave her a banana instead of the bag. Therefore, she shouted at him.

The stained dress.
Molly was getting ready for her wedding. She had just put her white dress on. Suddenly, a drink spilled and stained her dress pink. Luckily, her mom appeared. She had a handy cleaning spray that made the stain disappear.

Getting Unstuck
I began to fix my kitchen drawer that was sticking a lot lately. The drawer would not budge when I tried to remove it. In my frustration, I yanked it so hard that everything went flying. At that moment my wife walked into this situation. She laughed at my mess and told me to clean it up.

burn
Tina went to the beach to get a suntan. She spread out her towel and lay in the sun. But after a few minutes, she dozed off. Tina woke up hours later to see that she'd burned terribly. She was very angry at herself for falling asleep!

Missing the whales.
Jessie was on a whale watching cruise. She hadn't seen any animals and was beginning to feel sick. Suddenly, she had to run into the bathroom. When she came out, everyone said that she had missed the whales. They didn't see anymore for the rest of the trip and Jessie was upset.

Runaway Horse
Ted took his wife for a romantic horse ride on the beach. The two walked their horses for a while and then stopped to talk. They set their horses up to a tree and sat down. As soon as they walked away, the horses got away and ran far. Ted looked at their restraints and saw that they were loose.

Deep-fried
Stacy was excited to be going to the state fair. She planned her day to take in every attraction. Then, Stacy smelled the aroma of deep-fried goodies. She stopped at each vendor to sample the wares. Two hours later, Stacy was back at the car with a belly ache.

52 Pick Up
Gina was always trying to get her big brother to play with her. One day he was shuffling some cards. He asked her if she wanted to play 52 pick up. She didn't know what it was but it sounded fun. Until the cards were all over the floor for her to pick up!

Birthday Party
Melanie was turning 16. Her family decided to throw her a sweet sixteen party. They kept the entire party a surprise. They invited all of her friends and got her a bunch of gifts. Melanie was shocked and super happy when she found out.

Dogs
Billy got a new dog for his birthday. The dog was big and gray. Billy would take the dog to the park everyday. Billy wouldn't use a leash. Billy lost the dog in two weeks.

Kelly's bad horse
Kelly had been racing horses for Years now. She was a pro at it. Every year she would go to the hamptons and race. Last weekend was the competition and her horse started stalling. Kelly ended up losing and was disappointed.

Sick Kid
Alex vomited on the couch. Alex felt weak and couldn't walk. Dad picked him up and put him in the bath. Dad tucked Alex in and gave him Pepto Bismol. Alex apologized for a making such a big mess.

Cade Runs Away
Cade was very mad at his mother. He decided it was best to run away. He gathered up some toys and headed for the door. His mother called from the kitchen and said she had cookies. So Cade decided he would run away tomorrow.

A long wait.
Jordan was on a hike with her family. She had gained a huge lead before them. By the end of the hike, they were way behind her. She had to sit and wait for them, which was boring. Luckily, they showed up not too long later.

The Birthday
Frank's birthday was coming up. He wanted to throw a party. He was afraid no one would show up. He nervously passed out invites. Many people came and they had fun!

Sledding
My mom used to go sledding by her parent's cottage. They would bring the sled up these giant sand dunes that were frozen. They would slide down them, but one time they had the unexpected. They went too fast and went all the way down to the water. The lake wasn't completely frozen so they got soaking wet.

Circus Disaster
Jill decides to ride the ferris wheel at the carnival. She is having a good time until it stops. The ride has malfunctioned. People have to wait for hours until the fire department rescues them. Jill vows to never get on another ferris wheel.

Fake
Brad found a gold ring on the ground. He took it to a pawn shop. He was so eager to get money for it! But the shop owner frowned and said the ring wasn't real gold. Brad was so disappointed!

Catch That Squirrel
Joan's son ran in the house saying a squirrel had bitten him. Worried, Joan called the doctor. The doctor said she should catch the squirrel, which could be rabid. Joan chased the squirrel around the yard and up a tree. When she fell, she ended up at the doctor without the squirrel.

Thinking Spot
Gina hated being crammed in a room with 2 other girls. She was always looking for some place she could be alone. In the summer she could sit in the garage. She would leave the door open and let the natural light stream in. It was her very own private oasis.

The game
Jim wanted to go on a trivia game show to win money. He studied from the encyclopedia for weeks. Jim went to an audition to take a test. He got every question but one correct. The producer told him he was going to be on the show.

Driving Test
Juliette was excited to take her driving test and knew she would pass. She had been practicing her driving for months and felt confident. But her nerves during the test made her forget to stop at a red light. Because of that Juliette did not pass the test. But she knew with more practice she would pass it the second time.

No Hike For You
The children wanted to collect fall leaves. Their mother thought the local park would be the best place. The children were excited to go for a walk in the woods. After parking the car, the mother sees a posted sign. The sign says that deer hunting is today, so the hike is off.

Smith Family Cartoon
I collect original comic strip art. They are pencil and ink drawings that are xeroxed for production. The artwork from the Smith Family comic strip was on sale this week. It was marked down to $35 from $40. Since I liked this strip, I bought a piece.

New Look
A man grew out his moustache to give his face a new look. One side of his face was much patchier than the other. He tried to comb it to make it look better but he failed. Since it looked so bad he shaved the whole thing off. He went out to get a tattoo of a moustache instead.

Marc
Marc owns a crossfit gym. His gym helps him hold himself accountable. He loves helping people meet their fitness goals. He works very hard. Marc loves being a crossfit gym owner.

Bush madness
Billy and mandy decided to go to the woods. It was exactly midnight and they were scared. They heard a sound coming from a bush. They shined their flashlight at the bush. They sighed in relief as it was just a bunny passing through the bush.

Holiday Tip
Mary worked hard as a waitress at a diner. She could barely make ends meet, much less afford holiday gifts. It made her sad that she wouldn't be able to get her parents anything. A few days before Christmas, a customer left her $100 tip. She was able to get something for her parents afterall!

The Ghost of Evil
Ethan was a very naughty boy who loved to do naughty things. One day he put a blanket on his head and called himself a ghost. More specifically, he was the ghost of evil. He walked around his house with the blanket on his head being bad. Eventually, he got tired of being the ghost of evil.

Lemonade
Lula needed some extra cash. So she mixed up a big batch of fresh lemonade. Then she set a table up outside to sell the lemonade. Lots of cars stopped for a refreshing drink. By the end of the day Lula had made almost forty dollars!

Vacation in Germany
William always wanted to travel to Europe. His family said that airfare was too expensive. William worked all year to save for plane tickets. For Christmas, he surprised his parents with a paid vacation. They will travel to Germany in June.

Portia Plays Badminton
Portia had always wanted an outdoor game to play with her kids. Her husband and she argued over what game they should play. Finally they bought a badminton set for their backyard. Her kids loved the new game! Now Portia and her family play badminton every weekend.

Cold Convertible
Dana drives a convertible. It was winter and she noticed a tear. She wasn't able to get it fixed before going to work. The entire drive there was cold. When she got out it had rained and the car was soaked.

Abelina's Last-Minute Plans
Abelina wasn't sure if she wanted to do anything this weekend. Her best friend called her Saturday night. She asked Abelina to take a trip to New York City. Abelina thought it was a great idea. They had an amazing time in the city.

Our camping trip last weekend.
We decided to go camping last weekend. We went home after work and got all of our things together. We set out for a mountain that was close to our city. Once we got there, the weather was perfect. A great time was had by all!

Nancy has Insomnia
Nancy's life began to bring more stress than she was used to. Nancy was so stressed that she began to have trouble sleeping. She couldn't focus without sleep, so she visited the doctor. Her doctor prescribed her with insomnia medication. The medication worked, and Nancy was happy to sleep well again.

Science Fair
John was in the 9th grade. He had to enter the science fair. His teacher gave him his project guidelines. He followed them and came up with a project. John placed third in the science fair.

Robe
Dj went to wash the coffee carafe in the bathtub. He would do this so the grounds wouldn't go down the kitchen sink. As Dj bent down towards the tub his robe string fell in the toilet. Dj made a disgusted expression and jerked it out. He was thankful he'd recently cleaned his toilet!

Bad fall
Yesterday I was running with my friends. We decided to run in the woods. I ran as fast as I could. Yet before I knew I, I tripped over a log. I ended up falling flat on my face.

Oranges
I decided to go to vacation in Florida. I visited an orange farm in Jacksonville. I asked a farmer if I could try one of the oranges. He picked an orange fresh from the tree! It was the most tasty orange I had ever had.

Peanut allergy
The teacher told the students not to bring any snacks to school. They had a student with peanut allergies. So this could not be risked. Jim brought in peanut butter crackers on accident. The child ate one and went into shock.

Try to Make it Come Back Up
Kim wanted to throw up her dinner. She decided she would try to make herself vomit. She put her finger down her throat. She began to gag, but nothing came up. After 3 attempts she decided to try something else.

Pop up baby
Linda was feeling so sick with sharp belly pains. She didn't know what was wrong. She went to the doctor finally to get checked out. He gave her many tests, and only one came out positive. The Doctor told Linda she is three months pregnant!

A trip to the coffee shop.
I was starting to get tired so I decided to go and get some coffee. Once I walked down the street I was there. I looked around at a lot of different drinks. I finally decided on a White Mocha. Once it was made, it was delicious!

Candy
Jon wanted candy. He decided to go to the candy store. Alas, it was closed for the weekend. Jon decided to make some candy at home. He tried making candy but burnt the sugar and gave up.

Blood drive
I went to my employer's annual blood drive. A volunteer gave me some forms to fill out. When I turned in the forms, a lab tech set me up for the donation. I sat in a comfortable chair while I donated blood. When I was all done, a staff member gave me a cookie and juice.

Ellen's Cockroaches
Ellen had cockroaches in her small apartment. She wanted to get rid of them but never had the time. Finally she called an exterminator to kill the cockroaches. The exterminator killed them. Ellen is happy now that her apartment doesn't have cockroaches.

letters
Ed was in the Army. He sent letters to his girl but they never came. Then he came home on leave and ten letters arrived. They had been held up at the post office. His girl got to read all ten letters at once!

Car wash
Scott needed a job. After submitting many applications, he did not get called back. Determined, Scott started offering to wash his neighbors cars for pay. Some of Scott's neighbors took him up on his offer. Now Scott has a regular clientele and a thriving business.

Egg
Sara was craving sweets. She decided to cook up a pan of brownies. She mixed the batter and put them in the oven. But when they finished, they tasted very bad. Sara sadly realized she had forgotten to add the egg!

Communion
My old church was very evangelical. The church believed in adult baptism. Nobody could take the host unbaptized. One day a couple debated letting their child take the host. They decided not to allow her.

Free Sand
Dave went to the beach with buckets. He began to take sand from the beach and put it into buckets. He took the buckets home. In Dave's backyard was a square wooden box in which he dumped sand. Now Dave had a proper sandbox with real beach sand.

Speedy Pete
Pete loved racing and speeding in his fast car. Pete always came close to accidents, but never really got hurt. One day, Pete decided to speed at the highest rate he could take it. Pete's car soon lost control, and flipped over off the highway. Pete became paralyzed from the crash, and can no longer drive at all.

The Three Strikes
Jay was having a good game at the bowling alley. He was two frames in and had rolled two strikes. On his third throw it crashed into the pins and they all fell. The display screen declared that he rolled a turkey. Jay wasn't sure what what meant but he was happy.

Unnecessary Fight
Sandy made a kite for her school's kite day. Sandy put a lot of work into making the kite. Her sister Julie, accidently ripped the wing of the kite. Sandy was so angry at her sister that she hit her. Sandy was sad that her hard work was destroyed.

Black Coffee
I love to drink coffee every day. I have been doing it for Years and it helps me get through the day. I take it with cream and sugar each time. I've read an article that so much sugar is very bad for you. So from now on I just drink it black and it works fine.

The Boxer
Jack's latest fight was already set for tonight He had trained and now felt that he was ready to battle. When the arena was finally full, he heard the crowd chanting his name. The time drew near and a hush settled over the crowd. Jack put on his robe and prepared to walk to the ring for the match.

Knock-Off Shoes
Henry exchanged $45 with Hannah for a new pair of shoes. He waited until he got home to put them on. The bottom sole broke when he tried to walk a couple of steps. They were Styrofoam when Henry looked under the shoe. He became frustrated and searched for Hannah outside.

The Hallway
Gina was supposed to go to the principal's office. But she was wandering the halls of the school instead. She peeked through a window into her sister's class. But she couldn't get her attention. She decided she had better leave before the teacher saw her.

New Bag
Ben put all his things in his bag to get ready for school. He had no more room when he was finished. Ben decided that it was time for a bigger bag. He took out his phone and bought one on the internet. Ben selected next day delivery and waited.

tulips
It had been a long hard winter. Sara could not wait for spring to come. Then one day she saw something in her garden. A tulip bulb was beginning to bloom. Sara rejoiced at this first harbinger of spring!

The Coffee Pot Broke
I set my coffee pot to brew this morning. It was supposed to start at 5 o'clock. At 6 o'clock, it still hadn't brewed. It's broken. I have to buy a new one.

New Bus
A bus driver was tired of how his bus looked. He brought it to an auto shop to take the roof off. He came back a week later to pick up his bus. The garage worker told him it cost $8,000. The bus driver told him at that price he'll have to raise bus fare.

Ice Cream In July
Ralph went to get ice cream at the beach. While in line he ran into his friend, Joe. Ralph bought his ice cream and kept talking to Joe. They talked for so long, all of Ralph's ice cream melted. Ralph went back in line for more ice cream.

Pottery Class
Ben didn't like art and his wife knew how much he hated it. To get back at him for a joke, she signed them up for pottery courses. She drove him there while Ben thought nothing of the long drive. When they got inside, he frown deeply realizing what was going on. Although, he seemed to enjoy himself quite a bit when they left.

Johnny Runs a Marathon
Johnny has always wanted to try a challenging physical test. He decides to sign up to run a marathon. Johnny works hard to practice for the marathon. After months of preparation, Johnny completes the marathon. Johnny is very proud for challenging himself so much.

The lost pizza.
Sean had ordered a pizza. He waited for an hour but the pizza never arrived. Finally, he decided to call the pizza place and check up on things. They told him that they couldn't find his address. He tried to help them, but they told him that he couldn't get a pizza.

VIP Tickets.
Alexis won tickets to see her favorite band. She found out the tickets included a meet and greet. So the night of the concert she took extra long to get ready. She was ready to meet her future husbands. When she got there she realized how ugly they were in person and left.

Rafting
Kris loved water sports. He was excited to go on his first rafting trip. It was with a group of friends. During the rapids he almost fell over. Luckily his friends caught him and they finished.

Following Rules is Important
Jimmy thought he didn't have to follow rules. One day, Jimmy was burning some brush. On that day the community was under a burning ban. The burning Jimmy did that day caused a wildfire. Many homes in Jimmy's neighborhood burned down.

Jumping out of a Perfectly Good Plane
I've always had a desire to go skydiving. I seized the opportunity to do this while living in Dallas, TX. The only problem was the facility was located in OK, next state above. I was living with my extremely worrisome and protective Mother. I believe 4 Years passed before I had the courage to tell her!

Fred's Fear
Fred had always been scared of cats. His psychologist urged him to get a cat and face his fears. Reluctantly, he adopted a cat and was scared at first. After awhile, he became attached and saw the cat as his son. His fears eventually diminished and he was so pleased.

Walking the cat
Judy loved her cat. The cat was brown with white spots. Judy tried to take the cat for a walk. But most cats don't like being on a leash. The cat got scared and wouldn't go with Judy.

Patience is a virtue
Was waiting for my new video game console to come to the mail. I was just sitting there and waiting forever. Even though I knew it could take a while. Eventually, I knew I need to do something to make my mind off it. In no time the video game console arrived.

Book signing
Kelly's favorite author was coming to town. She couldn't wait to meet him. She went down to the bookstore to get a copy signed. When Kelly met him she got nervous. Thankfully he let her take a picture.

Book of Mormon
I saw a website that advertised a free copy of the Book of Mormon. I had to give out my name, address, and phone number. A Mormon called me and asked why I wanted the book. I told her I study religions as a hobby. She said they would send me a book in the mail.

Shopping Trip
Nancy planned to go to the store. She made up a list of what she wanted to buy before she left. She also made sure she had enough money on hand. When she got to the store, she found it busier than usual. It took twice as long to get everything she wanted.

Clementine
We put a clementine on my desk at work. It had been under my desk light for a few days. I assumed it would have been rotted. But it actually petrified instead. Now I had a clementine that is hard as a rock.

What Did You Think Would Happen?
A man went on vacation to Egypt. There, he went to Giza. He decided to climb onto the foot of the Sphinx to take a selfie. Egyptian authorities arrested him. He spent six months in prison for damaging antiquities.

Dogs
Ariel loved dogs. She wanted to take care of them. She started her own shelter. It was tons of work. She loved saving dogs.

Fur coat
Jack went to buy a fur coat. He told the store clerk that he wanted a black coat with fur trim. The store owner told him that fur is murder, and said get out. Jack went to a different store. The other store found him a coat made of fur and he was happy.

Katie's New Car
Katie decided to take her boyfriend car shopping with her. She wanted a tiny compact car. He thought she should get something a lot bigger. Katie told him it needed to be fuel-efficient. Katie finally picked a sedan, striking a compromise between the two.

Tackle
Gina and her friend Tami were chasing a boy around the class. He had taken a pencil from Gina and would not give it back. Tami and Gina decided to split up and cut him off. He had no where to run. Tami tackled the boy and Gina took the pencil from him.

Marathon Mania
Shaye trained for months to run her first marathon. It was tedious and often grueling training. She finished her first marathon beating her personal record! She was so happy with her life achievement. She signed up for two more marathons in the coming year.

The People's Pub
Dana waited for her cousin to bring her lawn mower back. She waited and waited, wondering where he was. Finally, she called Al's house. Al's wife, Nudge, said Al had left five hours ago. Al sat drowning his sorrows at the People's Pub.

Early Day
Tommy had to get up early the next day. He set his alarm. He went to sleep early. When the alarm went off in the morning, Tommy woke up right away. Tommy was happy that he didn't oversleep.

My Car
This morning i left my house and got in my car. I turned the key but it would not start. I asked my neighbor to come over and give me a jump start. He brought his car and hooked up the cables. My car started right up and i got on my way.

Waste of time
The leaves in Fred's yard were covering all of his grass. He went to the shed to find his rake to take care of it. The rake was missing and he only had a shovel. Fred tried to use the shovel to move the leaves. He gave up after 30 minutes of trying and not getting much done.

Quentin Gets a Scooter
Quentin wanted a faster way to get from Queens to Manhattan. He was sick of the crowded, smelly subway. Eventually a friend recommended he buy a scooter. Quentin finally bought a scooter for his commute. Now Quentin loves getting from Queens to Manhattan.

Lowell
My old boss started a brewery business in Lowell recently. He invited me to visit him last year. I took the commuter rail and met him at the station. He gave me a tour of his brewery. We had lunch before I took the train home.

The lie
Christian got into trouble at school. The principal gave him a note for his parents. Christian chose to hide the note. Christian did not know his parents already knew. They asked him about it and he lied, which caused him to get grounded.

You'd Think They'd Require a Commercial License
A retired couple bought a recreational vehicle. They thought they'd travel the American Southwest. They wanted to live life on the road. They only made it a single day, though. Unused to driving a vehicle that large, they totaled it parking.

Survey
Today in class, some people came to give us a survey. They passed out the survey to everyone. I carefully read the questions. I answered the survey as best I could. The people took the surveys back so they could record the data.

Spoiled Milk
Jen had to be out the door to catch the bus in a few minutes. She grabbed a carton of milk on the counter to pour on her cereal. She took a big mouthful. She quickly realized someone had left the milk out for a long time. It had spoiled sitting out of the refrigerator.

Bingo
Sissy loved to play bingo. Sissy asked her friend Melissa to go play bingo with her. Melissa agreed to go with her. She had never played the game before. Melissa won a game that night.

Frustrated Audience
Everyone walked into the front of the stage. We were waiting on Nancy to appear. Since she was taking a long time to get dressed, we had to eat. The audience started to shout at us. One individual decided to get up and throw a tomato at us.

Paul
Paul was abused by his mother as a young boy. One day he decided he wouldn't take it any more and he ran away. He hitchhiked his way to another state and lived in the woods. He stayed in the woods for the rest of his life. The solitude of the woods was better than the abuse.

Dentist Visit
Joey went to the dentist. He was scared and did not want to take Xrays of his teeth. Another boy saw that he was scared and came over to talk with Joey. When Joey heard the boy and saw he wasn't scared, he took the Xrays Joey was really proud of himself that he was able to overcome his fear

Snow
Our 2 year old granddaughter lives in Queens It snowed heavily there over the weekend. Our daughter put winter clothes onto the child. She took the child out to enjoy the snow. Our granddaughter cried as soon as she saw the cold, and went back in.

Trip to the beach
Lola was planning to go to the beach with her husband. Lola told her relatives that she would go to the beach. Lola's aunt told her that she would also come. However, Lola and her husband had a fight before the trip. Lola felt very bad that she couldn't realize her plans.

Go to sleep
Christian's dad made him go to bed early. He went to his room and lied his bed. He was not tired. He tossed and turned for over an hour trying to go to sleep. His dad brought him a glass of warm milk and he fell fast asleep.

Riding a four wheeler
I went to the dirt bike track one day. I bought a trailer and a four wheeler. I unloaded the four wheeler and put on my helmet. I rode through the track and had fun. I went back to the trailer and went back home.

Photos
Pat's phone storage became full and she checked the pictures. She found that they were taking up a lot of room. So she went to Walgreens and had them all put on 8 disks. She kept these at home so she could access them. When she went to look through them, she found they were blank.

Laura's Cat Runs Away
Laura's cat had run away from home. Laura chased her cat to a tree. Laura's cat meowed because it was unable to get down. Laura called the fire department. A friendly firefighter was able to bring her cat out of the tree.

Hiking with Kobe
Hannah and her friends decided to go on a hike. Before they left she decided she wanted to bring her dog, Kobe. Hannah was worried her friends might be annoyed she was bringing Kobe. However, Kobe was excellently behaved for the duration of the hike. Hannah was thrilled to take out her dog and be with her friends.

Tired.
Jane was tired. She put on her pajamas. She brushed her teeth. She climbed into bed. Before falling asleep she set her alarm clock for the morning.

Starbucks employee
Martha loved her husband. She wanted to get him something special. One day she was working late at her job. She worked at Starbucks. Martha got her husband a delicious chocolate drink.

Car Trouble
Dave was late for work like he was everyday. He knew he needed to get an oil change, but today there was no time. A mile past the auto shop the car started smoking and ceasing up. He had it towed back to the shop. Dave was very late for work that day.

Sam Shoe
Sam bought a pair of new shoes from the shoe store. When he got home he put them on to break them in. Sam found that the clerk gave him two different sizes by accident. He walked in the new shoes back to the store. The clerk traded Sam for the erroneous shoe.

Photos
We moved to Cambridge in 2013. We lived near a pond. I am disabled and cannot walk far. My wife walked down to the pond and took several photos. I printed and framed one to hang near my desk.

The Big Party
Andrew was the manager of an apartment building. The owners made everyone move out for renovations. Andrew had an idea to throw a party in the apartment building. A week before renovations began he threw a huge party. They had bathtubs filled with liquor.

The Wager
Ed bet Frank he couldn't be him at an ice cream eating contest. The loser would have to wear a dress to school the next day. Ed couldn't wait to see Frank embarrass himself at school! But Frank was a fierce competitor, easily beating Ed. He laughed as Ed walked into class in his mom's blue dress.

Website
My aunt needed help with her business website. She decided to take a class at the community center. The class was cancelled due to lack of interest. She talked the instructor into a private lesson. Now she has learned how to add a blog to her website.

Camping trip
Every year my family and I go on a camping trip in the woods. We drive up north into the mountains. This past summer we went camping in New England. We had a great time. I can't wait to go back.

Giving Blood
Cody wanted to make the world a better place and give blood. She didn't like the juice and cookies they tried to give her. She was feeling really weak, but she still didn't eat. She jumped up on a table to sit down, and ended up passing out. She never gave blood again.

The dance
Sara was excited about the big dance at school. She started to get ready early in the day. She put on her make and did her hair. Then she put on her new dress. Sara went to the dance and had a great time.

Putting on slippers
I felt very cold. I put a blanket over myself. The blanket wasn't enough, I was still cold. I got up and put on some slippers. I felt much more warm.

Dog Park
Sarah's dog Max clawed at the door, ready for his morning walk. Sarah put on his leash and they headed outside. As they walked, Sarah noticed a dog park filled with other dogs. She opened the gate and let max inside the play area. Max played with several of the other dogs and had fun.

Locked Doors
Amy was outside at the dentist office. It was 5 o'clock and the doors were locked. She called them to find out how she would get in the building. She was afraid she missed them when they didn't answer immediately. Finally they answered and told her she was at the wrong door.

Shaking it up
I was visiting my cousin in Cali. We decided to go to lunch. All of a sudden, a 5 earthquake started shaking the area. It was over as soon as it started, but I was still scared. Luckily, there were no aftershocks.

Ants in the Bedroom
Allison liked to eat snacks in her bedroom. Many times Allison would leave the snack trash on the floor. One day Allison saw ants on the floor. The ants were crawling on her clothes and school books. Allison cleaned her room and the ants were gone soon.

Cheaters
Mark and his friend didn't study for a test so they decided to cheat. They made small papers and put the answers on them. They hid them in their sleeves and pulled them out during the test. Eventually, the teacher caught on and took them to the dean. They failed the test and were both suspended for a week.

Crochet
For Christmas, I wanted to give everyone in my family a hat. I bought all the yarn and got to work. My fingers hurt as I crocheted and crocheted, but I didn't stop. By Christmas, I had each hat made uniquely for the recipient. They were a hit!

Toys
Evan is frustrated. He cannot reach his favorite toy. With much effort, Even tried to move toward the toy. Finally, the toy was within his grasp. Even will forever cherish his toy.

Class
Wayne was late for class. Wayne rushed to get ready for class. Wayne rode his bike to school quickly. Wayne ran through the halls to his first class. Wayne arrived just as class was starting.

The Ferris Wheel
There was a little girl named Tawny who went to the fair. She was too short to ride the Ferris Wheel. The next day, her mother took her to the store. They picked out a pair of shoes with extra-thick soles. With her new shoes on, Tawny was tall enough to ride.

Back to School
Lisa had decided college wasn't for her. After a few Year's of low paying jobs, she decided to go school. She started with one night class to get reacclimated to school. It was a lot of work, but it built up her confidence. She was ready to go back full time the next semester.

Heart Attack
Boris had a heart attack. After he recovered he decided to take better care of his health. Boris decided to run 3 miles every day. Boris decided to eat good food. Boris died at 120 years of age in perfect health.

Work for Dress
Prom season was just a month away. Lindsey wanted to attend this year but needed a dress. Lindsey didn't have any money or a job to buy a dress. She began advertising her ability to babysit. Lindsey babysat enough kids to earn enough money for a nice dress.

Epcot fun
The smiths decided it would be fun to go a trip to Disney. The family decided Epcot would be the best choice. They purchased five day passes and were super excited. The family had so much fun. It was a trip of a lifetime.

Airport
Pete had a flight to Florida for a vacation. He got to the airport early to get through customs. His flight was cancelled due to bad weather. Pete was upset and asked an employees if anything can be done. The employees gave Pete free flights for a year for his troubles.

Good Enough
Bill was very busy behind the bar on a Saturday night. A server came to him to get three glasses of wine. Bill the bartender grabbed his wine opener and a bottle. The bottle was enough for two of the three glasses. The third was a little low but he felt that it was fine.

Overthinking
Gina spent an hour trying to solve a math question. She got frustrated and decided to take a break. After 10 minutes, she continued to work on the problem. Eventually she gave up and asked the teacher for help. He was able to solve it within 5 minutes.

The Shoveling Job
After a snowstorm, Jim had to shovel his walkway. Jim forgot to put on his glasses so he couldn't see well. Soon after Jim started shoveling, he stepped on a brand and slipped. Jim fell backwards and broke his back. Now Jim has to recover and is out of work for 6 months.

walk
Meg wanted to go for a walk. She asked her boyfriend to come with her. He agreed and they set off. Holding hands, they walked their neighborhood together. They walked for over an hour!

The long drive
Morgan obtained a lease one day. He only had a limited amount of miles. His parents told him not to drive too far. Morgan drove very far every day. He had to pay a lot of money for every miles to his dealer in the end.

No Water
Jim and Bob went hiking. Jim expected Bob to bring water bottles. But Bob forget them. When they decided to take a break, they realized they had no water. Jim and Bob were forced to turn around after hours of hiking.

Lita's To-do List
Lita was mad that her husband stayed up late playing games. She started yelling at him for things that didn't get done. Her husband told her he didn't realize there was stuff to be done. Lita sat down to make a To-do list for him. She pointed at the list any time he was planning to stay up late.

Makeshift
When Stan got to work he realized that he forgot to wear a belt. His pants were noticeably lower than they should be. Stan went to the supply closet and got a roll of twine. He tied the twine around his waist to act like a belt. Stan felt low class but he was glad that his pants were up.

An accident
John is an avid snowboarder. During a run down a mountain, he hit some rough snow and tumbled. Because of the fall, John broke his arm in three places! It took a long while for John to heal, but he was optimistic. Now fully healed, John is still doing what he loves.

Press Photos
I collect old press photos. These were taken by newspaper photographers. They were reproduced for newspapers. I collect mostly photos of Chinatowns. Friends tell me this is an interesting hobby.

Tina's Dinner
Tina was hungry and driving home from work. She passed by a strip mall with a few restaurants. She only wanted to go the sushi restaurant. But she knew it was expensive. She decided to eat there but felt guilty.

New candy store fun
Kelly and her friends decided to go to the candy store. The candy store was brand new. The girls got there early to get some good deals. They filled their buckets with everything. When they left they were happy.

Tractor Ride
Milly's class was visiting a real working farm. They had been promised a tractor ride while they were there. They were all very excited about it. Milly was in the first group to ride on the tractor. It was much louder and bouncier than she expected.

Breaking Dishes
I noticed my kitchen was getting dirty. I decided to clean it and put on gloves. I turned on the sink water and began to scrub the dishes. While putting dishes in the dishwasher, I dropped a plate. The plate broke into little pieces, and then I cleaned the mess.

Candy Bag
As a kid we didn't go trick or treating. We would visit my grandma and she would load us up with candy. There would be so much candy that I could never eat all of it. Now that I am an adult she no longer passes out candy bags. Every year I go out and buy a bunch of candy for myself.

Home Ec Class
Lisa's middle school class offered a home ec class. Students would learn to sew and cook in it. For the first time ever a boy signed up to take the class. All the girls thought he would do terrible. However, he was the best baker out of all of them.

Barbecue Gone Wrong
Kara was grilling several chicken breasts. She left the grill to put on sunscreen. When she returned, the chicken was burned. It ended up turning into hard pieces. She immediately took it out of the grill, but threw it away.

Rustle
Sam heard a rustling sound in the cupboard. She assumed the mouse had returned. She set out a trap with a dab of peanut butter and waited. Sam heard a loud snap. She tossed the dead mouse into the trash.

Rufus Makes New Friends
Rufus had always had trouble meeting new people. His sister recommended he take an archery class to meet people. At the archery class, Rufus met two new friends. They all went to get a beer after the class. From that day forward, Rufus never had trouble meeting new friends.

Rick is hurt
Rick was picking on a classmate during school. He did it all the time. But the person he was picking on didn't want to take it anymore. So he turned around and slapped Rick right in the face. Rick had never been assaulted by a woman before!

Crowded area
Arnold was scared of big malls. He would always avoid those crowded areas. He had to get a gift for his mom for mother's day however. He decided to go to a big mall. Arnold almost fainted.

The Bill
Garry went to the library to find a book to read. He pulled off a new release off the shelf and gave it a look. In the inside cover there was a message. The message said to avoid this book at all costs. Garry was too interested to adhere to the warning.

Sickness
Tyler wanted to go to space. He applied for a job at NASA. During his training, he got very bad motion sickness. Tyler realized his dreams would never be realized. Luckily he was able to keep a good job with NASA anyway.

Baby Eats a Banana
Mommy put the baby in the high chair. She gave the baby a banana. The baby mashed up the banana. The baby put the mashed banana in her mouth. Mommy wiped the baby's mouth.

The tree lights.
Kelly was decorating her Christmas tree. She was trying to put up lights but a lot of them burnt out. She had to detangle some old strings. Then, she checked which ones even worked anymore. Luckily, she managed to find enough to light her tree well.

Shark Attack
Jon loved to spend every summer at the beach with his grandparents. This summer was special in that he was able to take surfing lessons. On his first trip out on the water, his instructor spotted a shark. Quickly, they ran out of the water, but not before the shark attacked. It took a bite out of the surfboard, but noone was hurt.

Josh's Garden
Josh wanted to get into gardening. He learned everything he could about the topic. Josh dedicated a half acre plot of land to his new garden. He planted several different crops. His new garden flourished.

Winning a guitar.
Kelly was at a dinner fundraiser. There was a raffle and one prize was a nice guitar. She decided to enter and bought a ticket. Later, they announced the winners. Kelly won and she got the cool guitar.

sledding
Tina wanted to go sledding. She called a few of her friends. No one wanted go sledding with her! Tina decided to go alone. She had a wonderful time sledding by herself!

Daddy's Turn
In the middle of the night, the baby started crying. Secretly, Daddy hoped that Mommy would get up to comfort their child. Mommy shoved Daddy out of bed. Reluctantly, Daddy walked to the baby's room. Daddy rocked the baby back to sleep.

Long Time
Josh broke up with Hayley years ago. He wonders if it's a mistake. He tries to call her and get back with her. All he gets is the dial tone. He figures she's happy with someone else.

New Friend in Church
Lucy sat next to a girl her age named Meg in Sunday School. Lucy told Meg she was at church with her grandparents. Meg was shocked Lucy didn't go to church with her parents. Meg invited Lucy to come over to her house to learn more about God. Lucy gladly agreed, happy to have made a new friend.

Traveling
An American man went on a family vacation in Mexico. It was his first time to leave the country. He was enamored by the vibrant and unique cultures. He deeply appreciated the unique ways of life and value systems. He decided to travel the world shortly after this experience.

Ghosts In the Attic
Trish was sick of being afraid all the time in her own house. Every night, she heard howling noises and clanking chains from above. She was going to put those ghosts to rest, today, once and for all. Trish climbed the flimsy pull-down attic stairs. Laughing in relief, she closed the attic window and secured the chain.

Juanita Rides a Bike
Juanita had never learned how to ride a bike as a child. Her friends told her that they would help her learn but she hesitated. Finally Juanita decided to learn how to ride a bike. She practiced every day until she was a bike riding expert. Juanita was so happy that she eventually learned to bike.

Hotel Party
Sam and his friends decided to throw a hotel party. They rented out a room and invited lots of friends. Within minutes it was raided. Sam and his friends all got in trouble. They didn't throw another hotel party again.

Little Sister
My little sister is a pain. She wants to do everything I do. I get in trouble when I don't include her. Being the older one is hard. Now I know how my big sister feels.

Movies
My wife wanted to see a new movie that came out. We went to the theater and they were all sold out. We started to walk back to the car, when a shadowy figure appeared. The person asked us if we would like tickets to the sold out movie. They cost more, but we bought them anyway and watched the movie.

Share the Candy
Amy had candy her mom didn't know about. She was in her room eating the candy when the dog came in. Amy didn't want to give the dog any candy. But he snatched a piece and ran off. By the time Amy caught up he had eaten the candy.

Pasta mess
Julia was cooking pasta last night for herself. She put in all the ingredients in the pot and walked away. She turned on the television and forgot about her food. To her dismay the sauce splattered out of the pot and onto the floor. Furious, Julia spent ten minutes cleaning it all up.

Clean Room
My family was going to come visit for a few days. I had been working extra hours all week so my apartment was dirty. Leaving work earlier gave me extra time to clean the apartment. I mopped, dusted, and took care of the trash. When my family arrived they noted how clean my apartment was.

I took a bath.
I was pretty dirty after working in the yard. I decided to take a bath. Running the water, I knew it was going to be relaxing. I filled the tub with bubbles. It was perfect!

The One Job
Andrea always wanted to work at a bank. She put in her application. She got a phone call asking her to come in for an interview. Andrew answer all their questions as best as she could. The next morning she was hired.

Baking for family
Kelly wanted to bake some cookies for her family for the holidays. She got the ingredients together and put them in the oven. Kelly started to walk away and ended up forgetting about them. To her dismay, the kitchen started smoking and cookies were ruined. After feeling irritated, Kelly decided to just buy cookies instead.

Shiny Red
Little Tony wanted a shiny red apple from the tree. He tried and tried to get one down by throwing rocks at them. Suddenly he saw a ladder leaning against the house. He dragged it over, climbed up and grabbed the prettiest apple. That was the best apple Little Tony has ever had.

Burrito Stand
There was this amazing burrito stand by my old house. I remember I used to go there almost everyday. I was back in town visiting some old friends and suggested we go there My friends told me that the burrito stand was closed down. That news made me very upset, they were such good burritos.

Making crackers.
Sean and Sara decided to bake crackers. They looked up a recipe. Then, they put it all together. They put it in the oven and baked the dough. Then, they ate the crackers with cheese.

Arf
Liz wanted to get a dog. She went to the local animal shelter. She saw lots of very nice dogs who needed good homes. One sad-looking, big, brown mutt jumped up on her. Liz adopted him immediately.

Fun
Gina met her friend Pam at the park. They walked and talked about Pam's school friends. Gina knew she had to get back home to work on a report. But she was having a good time hanging out with Pam. After 2 hours she had forgotten all about her report.

Can't Leave My Bike
When I moved overseas recently, i was super excited to bring my bike. I'd just bought a new bike and didn't want to damage it in the move. So I bought a fancy travel case to make sure it would be safe. I packed my bike with care in the new case and brought it on the plane My bike arrived safely at my new home but I have yet to ride it here.

First date
Kelly was nervous to go on a first date with Jim. She was excited but the nerves took over. The two met up at the new restaurant. The two ordered the same dish and loved it. Thankfully the date went well.

shelling peas
Ana went to her grandma's house. Her grandma was picking peas in the garden. Ana bent to help her grandma collect the peas. Then they sat together shelling the peas and chatting. Ana had a good time visiting and helping her grandma.

The Truck
I like to take my truck off road and get away from light pollution. I enjoy looking up at the stars on a clear night. Last Tuesday it was supposed to be a clear sky. I took my truck out and laid on the truck bed. It was beautiful and I stared for hours.

Finding a Place to Eat
Jon wanted to eat out. He couldn't decide what restaurant to go to. He decided to use Yelp. He went to a greek cafe based on the Yelp recommendations. The food was terrible and he vowed to never again use Yelp.

The Unjust Prison Term
Anthony arrived at the motel in a cab. He asked two girls to drive him to a bus station. They said no and went upstairs to their hotel room. David, a man just out of prison, followed them into their hotel room. Anthony shot David but Anthony had to go to jail for murder.

Restaurant Visit
I took my friend to a restaurant. When the waiter came, she decided to take the first order. She asked for a large cheeseburger with some fries. Afterwards, I asked for chicken and pasta. A few minutes later, our orders were ready.

Paris
Lee was visiting Paris on a class trip. She loved art so she saw lots of museums. Then she decided she had to visit the most famous museum of all. She took a bus to the Louvre museum and spent all day there. Lee was very impressed with all the artwork she found there!

Small Cabin
There was a scary, abandoned, small house near my grandma's. None of us dared go in it. One day, my cousins played hide and seek near the house. We heard a noise coming from the house! We all ran faster than ever to get away!

story
There was a man who had to write for a living. He would stay up all night writing stories. One day he wasn't creative anymore. He lost all his skill. He had to work in a fast food place.

Fading
Gina could hear the bully and her friends laughing at her. But she didn't get out of the sand. Finally their laughter began to fade. And Gina could finally get up. She lifted her face to see her friends shoes in front of her.

Email
Wilma got back in town a bit ago and asked me for my eMail address. I wrote it down for her on a piece of paper and handed it to her. She took the piece of paper, smiled, and put it in her purse. Two minutes ago I received Wilma's eMail. I just wrote back and we're both happy to be in contact again!

What a deal
Jay went to the hardware store to get sandpaper. He was annoyed by how expensive it was. Instead he purchased glue, sand and paper. He made his own sandpaper that out performed the store's. Jay sold his extra sandpaper to the store at a great profit.

Loose Tooth
Lilly could not get her loose tooth to come out. Finally her father gave her a sticky caramel lollipop. She started chewing on it. When she pulled it out of her mouth she saw her tooth. The sticky candy had pulled it out for her!

Cute Babies
There was a crowd beginning to form in front of the stroller. Jane could not help but peek over to take a look herself. In the stroller, Jane could make out some squirming movement. She could not count the number of cute furry kittens that lay within. Jane walked away, feeling a bit of warmth in her heart.

The tornado
I went fishing one summer evening. It started to get dark quickly. It started raining before I knew it. I ran through the woods to may car. I saw trees toppling over from a tornado.

The Surfer
Derek was very sad. His first surfboard seemed to be a total waste of money. He had tried and tried to ride a wave. This was his last attempt as he paddled with the wave. He stood and it all came together, he was riding the wave.

The lost capo
I was playing guitar on my couch one day with a capo. When I was done playing with the capo, I put it down next to me. After a while of playing without the capo, I wanted the capo back. When I looked around for the capo, I couldn't find it anywhere. I eventually found it under the couch and resumed playing.

The New Car
Brenda proudly drove her new car to work. She was pleased when a cute guy at work admired the car. The cute guy asked to borrow the car on the weekend to run an errand. Brenda relented, thinking it would lead to a date. That weekend, Brenda saw him with a hot blonde in her new car.

Costly Accident
Elena was driving on the highway. She tried to cross a few cars. There was a drunk driver driving across her. He decided to turn into her lane. She quickly turned to another lane, but ended up hitting another car.

Crawling
My youngest started to crawl today. At first, she got up and fell right down. Then, I put an object out of her reach. She got up and tried to get it. She was successful in crawling and getting it.

Sugar Free
Earl was on a diet. So he had to give up sugary drinks. He bought unsweetened almond milk at his grocery store. But he thought it tasted like water. He bought the vanilla unsweetened version next time and loved it.

All Kinds of Stuff in Her Hair
Lilly was blowing bubbles when one exploded. She got gum stuck in her long hair. One friend said to try peanut butter to get it out. Another said mayonnaise. She ended up with all kinds of things in her hair including the gum!

Working Out
I saw myself in the mirror after getting out of the shower. There was a lot more flab around my waist than I remembered. I immediately put on my workout clothes. I drove to the gym. I began a new workout regimen to lose some weight.

The Walk
Tori decided to take her dog on a walk. They walked 4 miles in the cold weather. She froze the whole time. When she got home, she felt like she was getting a cold. Tori decided that she was going to wear more layers next time.

Ryan's new bike
Ryan really wanted a new bike that he saw on ebay. He saved up for months to afford the bike. Finally he had enough and he put in the order for the bike. The bike arrived, but something was off the box was so small. In the end he realized that it wasn't a real bike he bought but a toy.

Makeup
Lucy was bored so she decided to put on makeup. She had eye shadow, blush, and mascara. She applied them and showed her grandmother. When her grandma saw her face she was angry. Her Grandma made Lucy wash the makeup off her face.

Obligation
Tara was a recent graduate, and couldn't wait to live on her own. But then she found out about her mom's bad financial situation. Her mom couldn't afford to live on her own, and had medical issues. Tara wanted her freedom, but loved her mom too much to abandon her. She hoped she'd be able to move once her mom got a better job.

Too Wide
Frank bought a new chair and was bringing it inside his house. He tried to get it through the front door but the chair was too wide. He went around his house to his sliding kitchen door. He opened the kitchen door all the way. The opening was big enough to bring the chair in.

A New House
Alon and Shira decided to move in together. Their apartments were not big enough for two people. They decided to buy a house together. After lots of searching, the found the perfect house. They're so glad they moved in together.

Lost
Wanda and Katie wanted to go the the mall. They both lacked driving experience, but Wanda drove them anyways. Eventually they realized they were extremely lost. They called their parents and they helped them to get home. Wanda's parents bought her a GPS.

The Transfer
There was a bus strike in Amy's town. She had a hard time getting to and from work. Her boss suggested she transfer to a store closer to home. Amy sadly agreed with her boss. She said her goodbyes and left her job for the last time.

Prague
My friend is an opera singer. She joined a program to improve her singing abilities. The program took place in Prague. She went to Prague to participate in the program. It was a very good experience.

Simulations
I needed to simulate a data set. I decided to use a Monte Carlo simulation algorithm. Alas, the data set was not normalized so my algorithm failed. I decided to try a bootstrap simulation instead. The bootstrap simulation worked great!

Change of Plans
The group got together in front of the ice skating ring. When we tried to open the front door, it wouldn't open. The janitor told us that the place is closed for today. However, Pedro proposed that we should get something to eat. Therefore, I drove everyone to a nearby restaurant.

Worse
There was a boy in Gina's class who bothered her. Gina had the teacher move his desk across the class. Gina hoped it would upset the boy. But it just made him more aggressive and annoying. Gina realized she had made a terrible mistake.

Bed Time
Gina needed to go to bed. But her neighbors were having a party. She heard a knock on the door. And her neighbor's offered her food. Gina refused it and told them to be quiet.

My girlfriend works too much
I made plans for dinner with my girlfriend. She agreed to go to dinner with me. We were on our way to a nice restaurant. She got a phone call from work. We had to cancel dinner so she could go into work,

The Smith Way
The Smith's were driving to grandma's house. The father decided to go away he never went before. He thought it would be faster. The Smith's ended up getting lost. They always went the normal way from then on.

My dog is smart
I went jogging in a field one day. When I was ready to leave i didn't have my cell phone. I back tracked with my dog to find it. I looked for several minutes. When I looked to my right my dog had the cell phone in his mouth.

Strike
Amy didn't drive and caught the bus to work. On the news there was speculation of the bus drivers striking. This scared Amy because she wanted to keep her job. Amy watched the news intently to find out the outcome. She was devastated to hear the bus drivers were going to strike.

Outside Please
Amy sat in the house all day Saturday reading books. Her mother wanted her to get outside and enjoy the weather. Sunday came and her mother forced her to go outside. Amy sat on the porch sulking. Finally her mother allowed her to sit outside and read.

Ted goes camping
Ted was invited to go camping during the weekend. He was nervous but excited about it. He went and bought all the necessary supplies. Ted and his friends chose a lake spot. The trip was a success for Ted and his buddies.

Relief
Gina was supposed to go back to her classroom after an hour. She decided not to go back. As she decided to stay a wave of relief came over her. She felt as if a weight had been lifted from her shoulders. She went back to her classwork with a smile on her face.

Driving Tired
Zach was very tired but had to drive for 3 hours. He kept dozing off at the wheel. He missed his exit because he was so sleepy. He suddenly jerked at the wheel because he noticed he missed it. The car went in circles and he pulled to a stop, safely.

Surprise at the Register
Zoe was having a bad day. She decided to go shopping. She found a shirt she loved but it was a little expensive. She decided to buy it anyway. At the register, Zoe was thrilled to discover it was on clearance!

Trip to Disneyland
Sixteen was too old to go to Disneyland, Jen thought. Nevertheless, she had no choice but to go with her family. She sat through most of the rides with a neutral expression. By the time a few hours had past, she started to enjoy herself. When they went home, she secretly felt a bit ashamed.

Snowy Day
The other day it snowed a few inches. I thought I would get the day off from work. But my boss called me in anyway. I almost slid off the road trying to get there. When I arrived my boss wasn't even there.

Fudge
While on a trip we saw how fudge was made. They put all the ingredients in a kettle. Then heated it all up. Then poured it on a big slab. It was some of the best fudge ever.

Going to Church
Paul goes to church every Sunday morning. On one particular Sunday, Paul was feeling very ill. He was determined to go to church anyway. Paul got out of bed and made it to church. After coming home Paul was tired but satisfied

The Haircut
Susan was tired of how her hair looked. She decided to visit the neighborhood salon. At the salon she asked for style suggestions. Her decision was made to go shorter. Susan loved her new hair cut.

Medieval Torture For Fun
Water skiing is fun when you know what you're doing. That's what I've been told by those who seem to know. For me it felt more like being put on the rack. You know, that medieval torture device that pulled your limbs apart. I hope never to experience that kind of fun again!

Geometry
Kellen hated her geometry class, and she was failing it badly. One day her teacher pulled her aside and offered to make her a deal. He said he would pass her if she would do sexual favors for him. Kellen immediately told the principal and her parents what happened. Her teacher was arrested, and Kellen was given a pass on her class.

Horse Show
One morning, two friends decided to go to a horse show. They weren't very experienced at riding but one day hoped to compete. They saw a wide variety of horses of different sizes and colors. The two friends had a lot of fun watching the different events. At the end of the day they left the show very excited about riding.

Lexie brings breakfast.
Lexie was new at her job. She didn't know any of her colleagues. One day, she decided to bring breakfast for everyone. All of her colleagues were so thankful for the treat. Lexie now has friends at work!

Bill's Hat
Bill went on vacation to Mexico. It was very sunny and bright. Bill decided to get a hat to block out the sun. He looked at sombreros and baseball caps. Eventually Bill chose a large cowboy hat.

Seth Gets a Car
All of Seth's friends at school drive their own cars. He feels ashamed that he doesn't have a car of his own. Seth works very hard to save money for a car. Finally he has enough money to buy a car. Seth is happy that he finally has a car like all his friends.

Amusement Park
Tony decided to take his kids to the amusement park. He was looking forward to all of the fun they would have. His kids started to cry as soon as they tried to go on a ride. They were afraid of the rides! Tony wasted his money and did not have fun at the amusement park.

Naughty Cousins
When I was a child, me and my cousins used to stay at my grandparents. We would stay all summer long, having the times of our lives. One year, my oldest boy cousin was on a ladder picking cherries. I was feeling onry, so I knocked him off the ladder by shaking it. My cousin chased me around with a baseball bat for an hour.

Internet
Our internet service was out last weekend. It did not get fixed until Monday. It went down on July 4th as well. Many people complained about the poor service. In response, the management decided to upgrade service to FIOS.

The Taxi Ride
Nobody could pick me up from the airport last week. I had to take a cab home The driver was nice and friendly. We talked the entire time. I gave him a good tip for his service.

The Guitar
My son is learning to play the guitar. He has been practicing every night. He is starting to get better and not as embarrassed. He will not play in front of his mom and dad. We love to listen to our son learn the guitar.

New Life
Julie was so sad about her divorce. She needed to get a new start. She got in shape. She redecorated her home. She was finally ready to start over.

Pests
After the rain-shower, I decided to take a walk in the park. Several flies were swarming around me. A few mosquitoes ended up biting me. I had a few sores on my legs. My mom treated the spots with alcohol.

Fruity
Dan had resolved to eat more fruit. He began consuming an orange everyday. He didn't know that you could get sick from too much vitamin C. That's exactly what happened to Dan. His personal physician helped him get it sorted.

Dog Bath
Emily knew she had to give her dog a bath. She filled the water basin with warm water. Then she added soap. When she tried to get her dog inside, he tipped the basin over. Everything was soaked.

Roy's Rocks
Roy liked to dig for rocks. Roy found many shiny rocks. He decided to bring them to a prospector. His rocks turned out to be diamonds! Roy sold them and became rich beyond his dreams!

Trash
I went to take the trash to the curb. The bag was very heavy, and started stretching. Halfway down the driveway, the bag broke. Trash spilled out all over. I spent an hour cleaning it up.

Dentist
Darrell broke his tooth chewing on a lollipop. He made the decision to go to the dentist. He called the dentist to make an appointment. The dentist fixed up Darrell's tooth. Darrell was very thankful for the helpful dentist.

It was his call
A fellow named Glenn was intimidating people with his skills. Gabe was intimated despite his own abilities. His friends tried to get him to join against Glenn. He was too scared but he believed in himself. Gabe ended up beating Glenn.

The Test
A professor gave a test so hard that even he would fail it. The students created very elaborate ways to cheat to pass this. The professor used this test to fail everyone in the class. The next day there was only one student left in the class. The professor commended the student on being the best cheater.

Aced It
Jude was in ninth grade and never did well in math. Taking algebra this year, really had him struggling. His mom decided to get him a private tutor. One on one learning was just what Jude needed. His "A" in math made Jude very proud.

Ballet
Mark started practicing ballet. His father disapproved and beat him. Mark didn't give up and became an expert. His father eventually went to one of his performances. His father fell in love with ballet and apologized to Mark.

Billy's New Car
Billy wanted a car. He tried to get a loan but they said he didn't make enough money. Billy couldn't get a better paying job because he didn't have a car. He saved for nine months, until he had enough money for a car. Now that he has a new car and a new job.

Snowstorm
The snowstorm was the worst he could remember. They predicted two feet and it was up to 6. They could barely get out of the house. They just waited for the power to come back and the roads to be plowed It was the craziest thing they have ever seen.

Snowman
Carol spent hours making a snowman. It was very detailed and had plenty of accessories. When she went in to get a final touch her brother kicked it over. She saw it and was furious. They got into a big fight and haven't talked in weeks.

Don't Let Them Hold You Back
Scarlett wanted to take fencing lessons. Her parents, however, felt it was too dangerous. She started sneaking out on weekends to take lessons secretly. Her parents didn't suspect a thing, until a few months later. That's when Scarlett made the news for taking 1st in a tournament!

Mountain Climbing
Carrie and her family were going mountain climbing. They were happy to leave their busy city and enjoy the wildlife. As they were climbing they saw deer, prairie dogs, and other animals. When they reached the mountain's summit, they stared in awe. The view of the valleys below was breathtaking.

The Hangover
Evelyn had an important audition on Saturday morning. Friday night, Robert wanted to go out to do karaoke. The couple agreed to go to the bar and not drink. Robert and Evelyn succumbed to peer pressure and drank. Evelyn was very hungover at her audition in the morning.

Scolding
The teacher was mad at the class for not finishing the homework. He decided to take out a few test packets and hand it to everyone. No one in the class passed the exam. In addition, the teacher entered the exam grades in the grade-book. Everyone was infuriated.

Cat and Mouse
Greg saw a mouse in his kitchen. He went out and bought a cat to catch it. He waited and waited but saw no dead mouse. Thinking his cat was useless he almost returned it. Finally, he woke up in horror to see a dead mouse on his pillow.

The Liquid Diet
Jenna wanted to try a new diet. She was going to go on a new liquid only diet. She bought lots of veggies and fruits from the store. She made smoothies and drank them every few hours. At the end of a week she lost 10 pounds!

Rocks
I loved to collect rocks. I would scavenge the local hiking trails for precious stones. One day, I stumbled upon some topaz. I sold the topaz for a nice profit! I realized that gemstone hunting was a good business.

The Cruise
Janet always wanted to go on a cruise. She wanted to see icebergs and play on a big boat. She saved up all her money and finally went alone. The boat had a hull malfunction and sank. She survived but is now afraid of water.

Getting a license
Teddy just turned 16 and was excited. Turning 16 meant that Teddy could take his driving test. he could hardly believe and took the test on the day of his birthday. He passed on the very first try! He was overjoyed and got his license.

Hairstyle
Eva had always had curly hair, and she hated it. She had always put so much effort into straightening it. Then one night she just didn't have the energy to battle her curls. In the morning, she feared her classmates would mock her wild hair. But to her surprise, she received dozens of envious compliments!

The Dancers
The stage was set and the lights were lowered. A single spotlight shone on the wooden dance floor. The dancers emerged out onto the floor looking beautiful. The music began, it was a tango. They moved with such grace, they were sure to win the competition.

Logic puzzle beat
Yolanda really wanted a new logic puzzle. Thankfully she got a whole set for her birthday. When she opened them up she started right away. She ended up beating them within a week. Yolanda was then off to get more.

Ann's Snowman
Ann loved to build snowmen. She went outside in the snow. Than she began to roll it in balls. Soon she had a big Snowman. Ann had the coolest snowman on the block.

Ryan and the Cat
Ryan loved to play with cats. His favorite cat to play with was named Bonkers. Bonkers was trying to get away from Ryan because he was tired. Ryan wouldn't leave Bonkers alone so Bonkers attacked Ryan. Ryan learned not to annoy cats anymore.

Beach Wedding
We decided to get married on the beach. Our family and friends met us there. It was a perfectly sunny summer day. Best of all, no one had to wear shoes! We ended our day with a dip in the cool ocean.

Passing notes.
Andrea and Kylie were in class. Andrea was attempting to pass a note to Kylie. Suddenly, their teacher spotted them. She made Andrea read the note in front of everyone. Andrea was mortified.

The Climb
The minister had to fix the weathervane on top of the church steeple. He said a prayer and climbed up the side of the church. When he was half-way up he saw a car roll through a stop sign. The minister yelled at the driver to be more careful. The driver didn't see him and thought god was yelling at him.

The Van
Jon got a job. He had to drive a delivery van. One day, he had to drive it for five hours. He got very tired and crashed the car. He was fired for incompetence.

Dave went to see a Phantoms game
Dave wanted to spend some time with some family He decided it would be a good idea to get tickets to a hockey game He got 4 tickets to see the phantoms play and invited some family His nephew, his brother, his niece, and his sister all came along They watched the home team sadly lose, but had a great time

Annie's Yard Sale
Annie realized one day that her house was in disarray. She could barely see her own floor under all the junk she kept around. Deciding to take action, Annie posted flyers for a yard sale. That day, the entire neighborhood showed up and bought everything. Annie ended up with a clean house and made her rent that day.

Human Intervention
Ian was taking a walk in the park last Thursday. He saw two squirrels chasing each other. For some reason, he decided to scare them away. He had no idea what happened afterwards. But for some strange reason, he felt guilty about it.

Eye
Tom had pain in his eye. He called the eye doctor. He set up an appointment. He saw the eye doctor. He felt better after seeing the eye doctor.

Pageant Trophy
Tina envied her friends who had shelves full of trophies. She asked her mom to enter her in a pageant. Tina's mom told her not to get her hopes up. They found a secondhand pageant dress and went to the event. The steep entrance fee ensured every girl got a trophy, even Tina.

The Bluff
A man walked down the street and stopped to take out his phone. Suddenly a robber appeared and demanded the phone. The man asked the robber what would happened if he didn't comply. Without saying anything, the robber brandished a gun. The man thought he was bluffing so he ran away.

Coffee
On a golf trip we stopped to get a morning coffee. My brother told me to get a cream and sugar. It was so delicious, I was amazed. But then I realized it was because there was so much cream and sugar. It was so good, but I'm not sure I'll get it again.

Biggest Fans
Wanda and her husband were big fans of the local teams. When her husband retired, they were able to go to every game. Then Wanda's husband became disabled. Wanda couldn't navigate his wheelchair on the bleachers. Then the town put a ramp in and gave them season tickets.

Missed flight
Rita had to travel to NYC. She ran to get her flight. Unfortunately she missed her flight. Rita was mad. She had to get another flight.

Walked the Dog
I took the dog for a walk to the lake. She was easily distracted by everything we walked past. By the time we got to the lake, she was worn out. I was a bit worn out as well. I ended up having to call my husband to pick us up and take us home.

Almost Late
On Saturday morning I had to get to work very early. I woke up because it seemed too light outside. I realized the alarm clock was blinking due to a power failure. I was buttoning my shirt as I ran out the door. The bus pulled up to my stop just as I arrived.

Seeing an exhibit.
There was a new art exhibit. Janice decided to go see it. She walked around enjoying the art. Then, she complimented the artist. Then, she went home.

Playing a show
My band practiced for several weeks. We got ready for a very big show. We went inside and set up our equipment. We played for an hour and it went well. Afterwards, we were invited to come back.

Anger from Mirror
Lucky walked into her room. She tried to find her mirror to take a look at it. She was furious when she looked at her hair. Out of aggression, she punched the mirror and made a hole inside of it Her hand got injured from the broken glass.

On Sale
Rob was at a grocery store. He was tempted to buy various different items on sale. So he put them in his cart. After he got home, he realized he didn't need half of what he bought. So next time, he tried to be more careful.

Son
Ned's mom and dad took in a foster son. Ned was angry at first. He thought that the new kid would take attention away from him. But gradually, he and the foster boy began to get along. Soon enough, Ned's foster brother had become his best friend!

The New Phone
Jason needed a new cell phone. Jason went online and read cell phone reviews. He decided to get a new iPhone SE. Jason walked to the Apple store. Jason bought his new phone.

Water Days
The sky rained down upon a small town after a long drought. The rivers rose up and began to flood the town. A man climbed to the top of his house to escape the water. He clung to his roof while the wind blowed. Once the storm was over he rested.

Kerry's football game
Kerry got tickets to the Lions game. She invited her friends to go with her. Regretfully they declined. Kerry went alone and had a great time. Kerry sends passive aggressive texts to her friends afterward.

Singing Lessons
My sister and I took singing lessons when younger. Our teachers thought it would be fun to do a duet for the recital. We performed a song from Annie get your gun where the lines traded off I remembered my lines but my sister forgot hers. I was very embarrassed and stopped singing lessons.

A trip to Greece
Jill always wanted to go to Greece. When she was twenty-five she bought herself a ticket. She saw all the famous landmarks. She loved Athens and Minos. But she found Lesbos to be disappointing.

Ice Tea
Bev loved her grandmother's fresh made ice tea. She went to get a glass but it was all gone. Her brother had drank all of it. But her grandmother had planned well. She had another pitcher in the refrigerator.

Lemonade Stand
Jenna and her friends decided to have a lemonade stand. The girls set up a small stand in the backyard for customers. As customers started arriving, they loved the lemonade. At the end of the day, the girls made $100. Jenna and her friends were elated.

Cook
Sam loved cooking, but her school had no cooking club. She worried about what she'd put on her college applications. Then she thought of the perfect solution. She volunteered as a cook at a homeless shelter! Now Sam cooks, helps - and looks great on her college forms!

Loose Laces
Ed rolled his eyes when his mother told him to tie his shoelaces. She told him he was going to fall over them. That day at school he was going down the steps. And he tripped over his untied laces. He had to wear a cast for three weeks!

Training for a Race
Samantha was training for an obstacle course race. She set up a mini course in her backyard to practice. Samantha struggled with rope climbing. She practiced everyday until she could do it well. Samantha set a record for rope climbing during the race.

Hair
Maggie favorite thing is to have her hair cut and styled. She made an appointment with Ashley who cuts her hair. She arrived early and had to wait 10 minutes before she was called. Ashley asked what she wanted done and then began cutting and styling. The appointment took 1 hour and her hair looked great.

Flying a Kite
My grandparents bought me a kite one day. My grandpa showed me how to get it to fly. I went off on my own to fly it. A really big gust of wind came and made my kite soar really high! It flew so high I couldn't see it anymore until I pulled it down.

Writing A Play
Three students were asked to write a short play for class. It is not easy to get three young ladies to agree on a play. One student wanted to write a mystery play. The other two the play to be about their lives. Finally, the students agreed that the play would be about a puppy.

Rock star
Danny always collected rocks from the nearby beach. His roommate was very frustrated with all of the rocks in the house. She threatened to throw them away. Danny took them to the pawn shop. He made enough money from the ones containing fossils to move out!

The Circus Comes to Town
The circus is in town this week. I decided to take my nephews. It was their first time seeing the circus. We all enjoyed watching the various acts. After the circus was over we went out for ice cream.

Tunnel wonder
Two guy friends wanted to explore a nearby haunted tunnel. They thought that they could conquer anything they encountered. Upon entering, they heard bangs and footsteps. As they went further in, they heard strange ghastly voices and screams They ran out at full speed, and didn't stick around for more scares!

Remotes
I had a stroke in 2011. I cannot walk very well. I bought remote controls for my lights. I press a button to turn the lights on and off. The remotes have helped me tremendously.

Messy Room
Cora's mom was always trying to get her to clean her room. Cora thought cleaning was boring. One day her friend came over for a surprise visit. Cora was embarrassed by how messy her room was. After that she always kept her room clean.

Taped glasses.
Jessie's glasses were broken. She needed them to get anything done. She took a piece of tape and taped her glasses together. Luckily, they held pretty well. She was able to get them really fixed later.

First date jitters
Yesterday Lisa was asked out by a gorgeous young man. She immediately agreed to go out with him. He was going to pick her up for dinner but Lisa was nervous. Finally when he got her, Lisa's nerves calmed down. To her surprise, the two had a lot of fun.

Seasonal Flooding
Teresa was used to the flood season. Just today she had to wade through waters to get back home. When she got home, she noticed that she had a small cut on her feet. Concerned that she may get an infection, she washed the wound well. She then put on some antibiotic ointment and went to bed.

Game
Bill loved to gamble. He beat Tom he could run faster than him. The two raced down the street. Tom won the race. Now Bill has no money left.

iPhone reveal
Kelly was excited to get the new iPhone. She was waiting for this for months. Finally she got her hands on a pink one. The phone was perfect. Kelly couldn't be happier.

Smashed Potatoes
Kim loved mashed potatoes. Her aunt told her she would bring some from the store for her. Finally her aunt's car pulled up in front of the house. Kim greeted her aunt with a big smile and asked for Mashed Potatoes. Her aunt laughed heartily.

Baseball
Cara loved baseball and wanted to play on her high school team. But they only had a team for boys, not for girls! Cara tried to get other girls to form a female's team. But none were interested, so she had to find a new plan. Cara decided to try out for the boys' team -and she made it!

Jay
Jay wanted to go to his junior prom. But he hadn't been able to find a date. He really didn't want to miss the dance, so he thought of a new idea. He invited his mom to come to the dance as his date. The two of them had a great time and danced all night!

Hiking
On Friday, Mike and his dad went on a hike in the mountains. Mike was dreading the hike beforehand. He wanted to stay inside and play videogames. But 5 minutes into the hike, he got to see a giant falcon! From that point on, the outdoors became something interesting.

Alligator Farm
I took my son to the alligator farm. He thought they were dogs with no hair. He tried to get one of them to bark. He threw some crackers at another. He asked if we could take one home.

Rushing for food.
Rachel was sick of the long lunch lines. She decided to get there earlier this time. She waited for the bell to ring. As soon as it rang, she sprinted to the cafeteria. Finally, she was the first person in line.

Rainy day boredom.
I was very bored on a rainy day. I couldn't go outside, so I looked for something to do indoors. I decided to play video games. I turned on the game and played online for a while. After that, I watched a horror movie and ate snacks.

Robbed
I walked from my job to my house. A group of people started to run after me. Eventually one of the people in the group came close and punched me. I was knocked unconscious. I woke up several hours later and my wallet was missing.

Fox's Trap
Fox's father was teaching him how to catch rabbits. First he taught Fox how to set the trap. After the trap was set they ate breakfast. Fox and his father returned and checked the trap. The trap was sprung but they had caught a mouse.

Re-Gift
Jenny never used a crystal punch set she got as a wedding gift. When a friend got married, Jenny wrapped the set as her gift. When the friend opened the gift, she looked curiously at Jenny. She told Jenny it was the same punch set she gave her Years ago. Jenny laughed and said best friends share the same taste.

The Sad Birthday
It was Allison's birthday. Allison went to school and was excited to go home. When she got home no one was there. Allison called her mom to find out what was going on. Her mom told Allison had passed away.

Sneaky
Alice was trying to quit smoking. Her husband hated the habit. Last week she sneaked off at night to take a smoke. Her husband caught her in the middle of it. They got into a big fight and haven't talked since.

sad death
Drew was a good kid, wanted to go in the navy. On his way home one night from work he was hit by a drunk driver. The driver although the cause was not injured but Drew was killed. The drunk driver wasn't charged with Drew's death. Drew was a week away from turning 18.

cat hair
Eva had just gotten a cat, and she loved it. But getting ready to go out one night, she saw a problem. All her sweaters were covered with cat hair! Eva had to stop to the store for a lint roller on her way out. She ended up being twenty minutes late to join her friends.

I Had a Dream
Last night I had a scary dream. It kept me up all night. I wasn't able to go back to sleep. Eventually I had to go to work. Now I'm tired and annoyed.

The game
Mike and Jake were avid football fans. Their respective teams were playing on Sunday. The men agreed to get together to watch the game. When Mike arrived at Jake's house, the game started. They both cheered on their teams and had fun.

Wrong Pill
I had to take a pill. I swallowed it. I realized it was the wrong pill. I felt sick for a few hours. I realized I needed to be more careful about taking pills.

Melanie's Hypochondria
Melanie noticed a lump on her back. She asked her husband to take a closer look. Her husband took a quick look but did not notice anything serious. Melanie insisted that she be taken to the hospital. The doctors found nothing out of the ordinary other than a pimple.

Snowed In
Joe woke up to see that his car was snowed in. Joe put on his warm cloths to go outside. Joe went outside and got his snow shovel. Joe worked for a long time shoveling the snow. Joe was proud when he saw he had cleared his car out.

Learning How To Swim
Sarah had her first swimming lesson today. She was all ready with her swimsuit and towel. The instructor told her to get in the water. She splashed around and got to play. Sarah is excited for her next swimming lesson.

Cleaning the Bathroom
Joy decided that her bathroom needed a good cleaning. Joy got a bucket of soapy water and set to work. She cleaned everything from the walls to the floor. After scrubbing everything Joy emptied mix. Joy was proud of how clean her bathroom was.

Billy's Tacos.
Every day at school, Billy ate tacos. One day his friend gave him tuna fish. He put the tuna in the taco. It tasted delicious! Billy ate tuna fish tacos from then on.

Wait For Nothing
Joe waited outside a theater all night to get advanced tickets. It rained down hard on Joe in his little poncho. Joe got hungry but never left his place in the line. The following morning, the theater finally opened up to sell tickets. When Joe got to the box office window he learned they were old out.

Salvaging Stamps
I open the mail in our office. I often find stamps are not cancelled. I cut the stamps out and take them home. I soak the stamps in water to remove them from the envelope. I glue the stamps onto packages I mail out.

Fight Over a Bottle
Carly loved to collect antique bottles. She went to a garage sale and saw a very unique and old wine bottle. As she was about to make an offer another woman inquired about it too. Carly began a bidding war over a bottle that was originally 50 cents. In the end she won with the highest bid of 172 cents.

height
Mel was nine and wanted grow tall. He decided to take vitamins and eat healthy. He did special stretching exercises, too. On his tenth birthday he was measured again. He was ecstatic to see he had grown half a foot!

Bad Neighbor.
My Neighbor plays his music very loud. I have asked him to please turn it down many times. One Sunday evening I put speakers in my window. I then blasted opera for two hours. He has not played his music loud since then.

cocoa
Eleanor wanted some hot cocoa. She checked her cupboards, but she had none. She had to walk up to the grocery store to buy some. When she got home, she made a cup right away. Then she sat in her chair and sipped it contentedly!

Cards
I wanted to have custom playing cards printed. My friend referred me to a company who would do it. I called them and set it up. When the cards came, they were beautiful. I will use this company again.

Out of Gas
Monica was really late for her date. She was going to stop to put gas but there was a long line. She thought she could make it. She didn't and stalled out near the restaurant. Her date felt stood up and she never heard from him again.

Pawn Shop
Jill wanted to get a nice gold ring for cheap. She went to her local pawn shop to browse the jewelry selection. She found a ring that she really liked. Jill was not satisfied with the price she was offered. Jill managed to drop the price down and bought the ring.

Thief
John stole a sweater from the mall. He thought he was going to get away with it. But on his way out, a clerk stopped him. John had to confess and return the sweater. Luckily, the clerk decided not to press charges.

Birthday Present
I went to a Detroit Lions game for my birthday. I had a large Birthday card to try to get autographs. After warm ups I was getting a few autographs. A player gave me his gloves which were signed. It was a birthday present to remember.

The Liar
James graduated from the university a year ago. But his girlfriend Jenny was still a student. James went to campus to visit the library and bank. While leaving the library, he saw Jenny holding a man's hand. James called her on her cell right away and she lied.

CAPTCHA Nightmare
Sam wanted to go to bed, but thought he'd do just one more task. He loaded the task page, and was greeted by a CAPTCHA. Sam typed all the characters correctly, but got an error message. After minutes of it happening over and over, Sam was very frustrated. He smashed his laptop against the wall before going to bed.

Shoplifting
Jonelle wanted a new skirt. She did not have the money to buy the skirt she wanted. She put the shirt into her purse when she thought no one was looking. She was seen shoplifting and security approached her. She was arrested and served time in jail.

Strangers on the Bus
My aunt was on the way home from work Tuesday. She had to take the bus because her car is broken. It was fairly full and she had nowhere to sit. A stranger offered her his seat. She took it and thanked him kindly.

By air or by sea
The Moores had a vacation coming up. They decided to go overseas. They could go by plane or boat. Mom was afraid of heights. They decided to go on a boat.

Asha's Cold Snake
Asha decided to get a pet snake. She brought it home and set it up in a terrarium. However, she couldn't get the snake to eat! She did more reading and learned that the temperature was too low. After she raised the temperature the snake ate well.

The Secret, Turk Edition
I asked a smart professor what I shouldn't say. She said to stay away from sex and recreational drug use. However, she assured me murder was okay. I wrote many stories about homicidal unicorns eating skittles. I made a lot of money and even a bonus for my diligence.

Forgotten Birthday
I turned twenty years old. My girlfriend didn't realize it was my birthday. I tried to drop hints but she didn't get the message. Then I shouted at her for not remembering my birthday. I realized she was not worth the time so I dumped her.

Don't Be Dumb
Joey & Sam heard about a new game all the kids were playing. They decided to try it and went and got some duct tape. Joey wrapped Sam in it and he was supposed to try and escape it. Instead he fell and got a concussion when his head hit the concrete. It was a very stupid game with very real consequences.

Jake Creates a Fire
Jake was hiking with his friends. They had just set up camp for the night. Jake searched around the woods for firewood. He couldn't find his lighter to start a fire. He was able to get a fire going with a string and stick.

The stolen donut.
Jenna was at the grocery store. She didn't have any money but she was so hungry. She saw the donuts in their case and decided to take one. When no one was looking she grabbed one and started to walk away. A manager saw and yelled for her to stop but she ran from the store.

Ice Cream
Sarah drove around town one Saturday to get out of the house. She came upon an ice cream store that had recently opened. She decided to stop in and check it out. She ordered two flavors, raspberry and cherry swirl. She ate the ice cream and drove home.

Kickball
The boy up the street kicked the ball. The ball he kicked flew into the neighbor's yard. The kid was scared to get the ball. The neighbor came out and threw the ball again. Now the kid knows the neighbor is friendly

Rival Garage Sale
A man put up signs for a garage sale he was having. In doing so he found signs for another garage sale the same day. The man stole the garage sale of his rival. He tossed all of the stolen signs in a dumpster. That weekend he had a lot of people stop by his house.

Escape Room
My family recently got locked in an escape room. They give you clues how to get out. We had one hour to escape. The clues were very tricky. We missed escaping by thirty seconds!

Fish
I had an aquarium inside my house. The goldfish in the aquarium looked bored. I decided to eat him to put him out of his misery. He tasted pretty good. My wife called me a monster and didn't talk to me for two days.

Tail Bone
The teacher came into class and sat down. The chair broke and she fell on her tail bone. We had to call the medics since she couldn't get back. She was diagnosed with a broken tailbone. The principal sent a substitute to help teach the class.

Rick's Rooster
Early each morning, a rooster would walk by Rick's house and cluck. Rick loved the rooster like a pet. The rooster was becoming aged and started coming later and later. One day the rooster stopped coming to Rick's house. Rick knew what this meant and couldn't help but be sad.

The Blood Drive
One day there was a blood drive at my work. I was terrified of needles, but I really wanted to donate. The woman who drew my blood was patient and gentle. She held my hand and rubbed my shoulders to keep me calm. Now, I donate every time my work sponsors a blood drive.

Fish Cakes
I decided to make fish cakes for dinner. Then I had the idea to leave the fish uncooked. It was actually tasty! I branded the recipe as sushi cakes and sold them to my friend. My friend liked them so I decided to open a sushi cake business!

Puppy Love
Pat was going to get a puppy from the pet store. The puppy she had her eye on was sold earlier in the day. The pet store owner brought out the puppy's brother. He was a runt that no one else had wanted. It was love at first sight for Pat.

Skater Girls
The crew of six girls decided to go to the park on Saturday. They arrived at the park at 10am. Even at the early hour, the park was almost full. The skater girls had to wait their turns to be able to use the ramps. The girls stayed at the park for only about an hour before going home.

A trip to the store.
Keri need to go pick up groceries for dinner. She wrote a list of things she would need. At the store she was able to find all the items she needed. The cashier assisted her with placing the groceries in the cart. She went to her car to unload the wonderful meal she bought.

India
Bob decided to travel to India. He filed for a ninety-day visa. His visa was denied. He decided to go to the embassy to argue the rejection. The embassy kicked him out!

my first dog
While against it Joe decided to let his kids have a dog. The catch was they needed to take care of the dogs. One day angry at having to walk the dog Beth let the dogs run loose. Aerial the dog ran into the road and was hit and killed by a car. Sad and Angry Joe had to bury the dog and console his children.

Story time
Every night before bed Daddy reads me a story. Books are like adventures for the mind. Every night Daddy and I travel to faraway lands. Each story is always so much fun. I love reading bedtime stories with my Dad.

Rita's New Addition
Rita was very far along in her pregnancy. One day, she woke up in the middle of the night in pain. Rita's water had broken and it was time to go to the hospital. Everyone rushed around, catering to Rita as she gave birth. Three hours later, Rita's baby boy John was born.

Alcohol
My son decided to go to a party. He returned home at two in the morning. I found out he was drunk. The next morning, I grounded him for one month. My son got angry so I grounded him for four months.

Girl Clothes
Tom was drinking apple juice. But it spilled all over his shirt. He had to go to school. But he had no other shirt to wear. He had no choice but to wear his sister's dress.

Hate Cold Weather
Sarah hated winter. She could not stand the cold. She decided to move from Chicago to California. She got a nice apartment near the beach. She loved the warm winters in California.

Top Fruit
A boy looked at an apple tree and saw the fruit at the top. He felt like that was the best fruit on the tree. So the boy climbed high into the tree to get it. He had to reach out his hand to grab the topmost fruit. He grabbed the apple and climbed back down the tree.

Roller Coaster
Josh had never been on a roller coaster. He decided to go to Universal Studios. He decided to go try the most popular ride at the studio. He waited in line for three hours. Eventually, he got to ride on the roller coaster.

Packing
Hillary has a big trip to get ready for. She wants to pack all her necessities in one bag. None of her bags are big enough, though. She asks a friend if she can borrow one. Her friend says yes and she's able to pack everything she needs.

Andy
Andy didn't like school. He never did his homework. He didn't get very good grades. He turned in his college application. He was rejected.

The wine tasting
Amy went to Napa on vacation. She visited a local winery to go on a wine tasting. She had a lovely time trying the wines of the region. Amy loved the winery and purchased 2 bottles. She had a great time on her Napa Valley vacation.

The film project.
Sam had a project to do for film class. She decided to make a scary movie. She had her friends go outside and act. Then she edited all of the scenes. Finally, she turned it in.

The new coworker
Janet had been working at her company for several Year's. After a co worker retired, they hired a new person to take their place. Janet did not get along with the new coworker. They constantly butted heads. However, eventually they came to an understanding and became friends.

Pizza Pete
Pete wanted to get more people to come to his pizzeria. He stood on the road and held a pizza box over his head. Drivers slowed down to see what was going on. He would then shout that Pete's pizza was the best pizza. About one in five cars pulled into the parking lot after Pete's stunt.

Drunk
The boys were ten Year's old and thought they were cool. One night they opened a bottle of sparkling apple cider. They put it in a brown paper bag and pretended it was wine. They burped and tripped and pretended to be drunk. That night, they were the coolest ten year olds ever.

Carlos Meets a Girl
Carlos has been single for several Year's. One day Carlos and his friend Dan go to a dance club. Carlos meets a nice girl there and they exchange phone numbers. The next week they go out for a cup of coffee. Carlos hopes he has finally met someone he can love.

No socks
Tim was a boy scout, and went on many camping trips with his friends. One camping trip, he and his friends decided to go swimming. While he was swimming, his friends hid his socks in a tree. Tim looked and looked, but couldn't find his socks anywhere. Eventually, Tim had to go home without any socks.

FaceBall
Apart of physical education was to learn different sports. It was the week to learn football. I was running around the field trying to catch the ball. A classmate threw the ball and it hit me in the face. I never tried to play football again.

snuck out
Tia was grounded. But she really wanted to attend a party that night! She snuck out her bedroom window and went to the party. But when she returned home, her mom was waiting up for her. Tia had her cell phone taken away as punishment.

Guitar
Ben received a new guitar for his birthday. He had never played before and spent many hours watching videos. He began to get frustrated when he was not learning to play. He gave away the guitar to his sister. After a while, Ben regretted giving the guitar away and bought another.

Snow trouble
Linda loved the snow. One day it was snowing so Linda decided to leave the house. She played with the snow. She made a snowman so big that it fell on her. Linda had a broken arm as a result.

Smoking
Thomas smoked 2 or 3 packs of cigarettes per day. After a few years, Thomas started to get sick. His doctor told him that if he didn't stop, he would die. Thomas wouldn't stop smoking. Thomas got COPD and died in a few years.

Swim Lessons
Jack did not know how to swim. He had gone all his life without knowing how. He wanted to go snorkeling with his marine bio class. He told his professor his predicament. His professor agreed to give him private swim lessons before the trip.

Mixed Colors
Sam was doing laundry. He decided to do his girlfriend's as well. He put all her clothes in one load. Some of her items were ruined. Sam's girlfriend was upset.

Cold Day
Ben looked outside and saw the snow on the yard. He put on his coat and scarf. Ben kicked open the door to face the snow head on. He took a few steps out and felt the cold. Ben ran to the mailbox and ran back as fast as he could.

The dress
Kelsi was getting married. She needed that perfect dress. She decided to drive to the shop to look. She liked the first one she tried on. She immediately bought it.

The Potty
Theodore had been thinking about using his froggy potty for while now. He slowly sat down on it. Should he wait to see what happened? He got up to look. He peed in the potty for the first time!

Lasagna
Bill always knew the story of Garfield and lasagna. He thought maybe his cats would like it too. So when he made a batch he put some in their bowls. The cats refused to touch it though! That was the last time he would trust a cartoon cat!

Dropping the pumpkin.
Oliver had just brought a pumpkin. He was trying to carry it to his car. Suddenly, his hands slipped. The pumpkin fell and was smashed open. Oliver had to go back inside to buy a new pumpkin.

Going strawberry picking.
The family wanted to take a vacation to Florida. On the way they stopped near a strawberry farm. They were allowed to pick as many as they could carry. The family picked 2 pounds of delicious strawberries. They ate them in the car on their way to their destination.

Haircut finally
Yesterday I went to get a haircut. I had desperately needed a new haircut. My hair was splitting like crazy. Finally I went to the salon. When she cut my hair it looked great.

Flagg
Flagg wanted to go shopping. He called his friends, but they were all busy. Then he thought of a great shopping companion. Flagg asked his mom to come shopping with him. She agreed, and the two had a great time shopping together!

The pill help.
Rachel had just been really sick. She had several antibiotics that she needed to take. She was having a hard time remembering to take them though. Her husband offered to help her keep on top of them. With his help, she kept on track and got healthy.

Shopping
Mary knew she was going to have a very busy week at work. She decided she should take her lunch to save time during the day. To prepare, she went to the store to get lunch items for the week. She had fun picking items that she would enjoy. At the end of the trip, she was happy with how she prepared.

The New Apartment
Colin got a new job in a new city. Since it was so far, he had to move out of his parents house. Colin got his own apartment, and was very excited. A month later, he got his first set of bills. Upon reading them, the excitement of living alone went away.

Coach Dad.
I played baseball in 5th grade. My dad coached the team. I thought that meant I would get all the favoritism. I ended up benched by week three. I guess coach dad said he liked to be fair or something.

Plane
Tom had to take a business trip for work. Tom was looking forward to the new experience. Tom had never taken a business trip before. Tom had fun on the plane. Tom completed the business trip and had a great time.

Kelly
Kelly is shy but very beautiful. Kelly hopes to find a job and meet a wonderful man. She is so shy and nervous around handsome men, many are put off by her Kelly ends up meeting a nice man. Kelly is very happy with her husband.

scrambled eggs
Ivory wanted to make scrambled eggs for breakfast. She set them up in the pan to cook. Then she went outside to have a cigarette. When she returned, she saw that the eggs had burned badly! Ivory scraped them into the trash and made pancakes instead.

The Contest
I used to engage in a lot of contests. I liked the competition so I did well. I got sick when I started to get older. I can't compete in physical competitions anymore. Because I can't do physical things I started competing at chess.

A Movie
Alana had written several best-selling fantasy novels. She was approached by a company who wanted to make a movie of them. She was so excited she could barely contain it. It took a long time, but finally the movie was released. Seeing her stories come to life was a dream come true for Alana.

Walk
Adam took a walk He then saw a kid by himself. He wasn't sure what to do. Then the kids father shows up. Adam carries on

Rotten Food
I went to the store to buy chicken for dinner. When I got home and opened it I realized it was rotten. It was too late to return to the store and I had to order dinner out. The next day I returned it and the store gave me a triple refund. I was happy that the money covered the expense for our dinner out.

The Virtual Twins
I dropped my son off with grandma so I could go to a party. I got to the party and my friend came to the door to let me in. I went inside and saw a boy from behind I thought was my son. Startled, I asked how he got there. He turned around and I saw it was not my son, only a look-alike.

Ants
My son hates bugs of all kinds. He found a tiny little ant in the corner of our kitchen. He insisted that I take care of it. We went to the store and bought some pesticide. We covered the entire outside of the house with pesticide.

Moving In
Tom had to move into his new apartment. However, he had no friends to help him do that. Since he had no help, it took Tom all day to move in. It was very difficult and exhausting. After this Tom decided he would hire a moving company next time.

carrot
Tim hated carrots. His mom urged him to try one. She cooked it and put brown sugar on it. Tim took a tiny nibble. He decided carrots weren't so bad after all!

The Bike
Wyatt got a bike for his second birthday. His mom went to put it together. First she built the frame. Then, she put the small bits on. Finally, she added some decorative stickers.

Eric's Trip
Eric was reading a travel brochure. He then realized he had a myopic view of the world. Eric booked a month long trip to Europe and left the week after. All of the new experiences Eric had there were educational and fun. Eric returned to the US feeling fulfilled and with a new perspective.

Barry
Barry felt like fishing so he went to the pier. He caught his catch and brought it home to cook. As he drove home he noticed a homeless man sleeping. As he cooked the fish he couldn't stop thinking about the man. He drove by the homeless man and fed him.

Brockton
My sister in law called me today. She lost her credit union card and had to go in person to get another. The company was in Brockton, 20 miles away. She cannot drive on the highway and asked for directions. I found her a street route on Google Maps.

Losing Value
In the middle of the night, a pipe broke loose. I tried to move closer to the house. It came from the kitchen. Several workers had to replace the pipes by breaking down the wall. Therefore, the value of my house went down as a result of the changes.

A Pet Bunny
Allie got a pet bunny for Easter. She put him in a hutch her dad had built. She took really good care of him. One day when she went to feed him there were 6 bunnies. He wasn't a boy bunny after all!

Domino
Ken set to break the record for most dominos fallen from one setup. He recruited his friends and they spent two weeks on a massive setup. The former record holder went in disguise to watch them work. The former record holder tried to ruin Ken's creation  by kicking it. Ken stopped him I'm time and tied him up to be safe.

Fall
Leo had just removed the training wheels from his bike. He set off wobbly on two wheels. Then he crashed and toppled over! Leo wanted to cry, but he decided to be a big boy. He got right back on his bike and pedaled off!

Dora the Drive By
Dora came from a nice family that lived in a bad neighborhood. Dora dream was to move out of the neighborhood. Where she would live a better life! She kept that dream everyday while walking to school. One day she never made it to school, Dora was killed in a drive by.

Kim Learns to Ride Horses
Kim has always loved horses since she was a little girl. She recently decided to take horseback riding lessons. Kim was nervous at first. She practiced every day for months. Today, Kim can ride horses well.

Left home alone.
Jessica's mom was going out of town. Her older sister was supposed to babysit her. That night, her sister left Jessica to go out with friends. Jessica spent the entire night alone. When her mom found out, she was furious at Jessica's sister.

Bad Joke
The boss stood in front of his employees to give a speech. He began the speech with a story that turned out to be a joke. None of the employees caught on that it was a joke. No one laughed at the punchline. The boss became embarrassed and his face turned red.

The Big Prank
I had gotten a stink bomb from my cousin. My plan was to set it off in math class. When nobody sat in the desk I rigged up I got impatient. I went to talk to my friend as a way to hide breaking the vial. Within ten minutes we had to evacuate the class.

New App
Tahar went to get Kindle. A new app was coming in the next few moments and she wanted it. When the icon appeared in her Apps guide, she quickly ran to her mom. She begged her mom to download the app. Her mom did just that and Tahar passed the day playing the game.

Horse Ride
Edgar loved his family's mastiffs, but he wished for a horse. He even wrote to Santa Claus asking for a horse ride for Christmas! Edgar's dad had an idea for making that wish come true. On Christmas morning he set little Edgar on the largest dog. The dog let Edgar ride him just like a real horse!

Toy Store Hunt
Chad's daughter wanted a Peppa Pig dollhouse for her birthday. Chad tried several toy stores, but they were all out of stock. As Chad was about to give up, he tried the last store on the list. Chad walked to the aisle and was shocked to see they had it. Chad was glad he could surprise his little girl with the dollhouse.

Triple Turn
Jill had been taking dance for 6 Year's. She had been working on getting a triple turn. She could not seem to figure out why she could not get her triple. She practiced and practiced. Finally, when she was alone, she got her triple turn.

Easter Tradition
Every Easter since I was a child, we go to my grandmother's house. She has a big celebration with breakfast and an easter egg hunt. Everyone gets an Easter basket full of candy and little toys. I bring my children to my grandmother's house now to celebrate. The tradition of Easter celebration lives on through many generations.

Rain Shower
I was getting ready for school. However, a rain shower broke out. Since the shower was heavy, I didn't go to school. I took off my school clothes. In addition, I decided to sit by the window and watch the rain.

Learning to Swim
Monica never went near water. She was always afraid of drowning. She finally decided to go to the pool. Her friends helped her learn to swim. She's not afraid anymore.

handles
Ron was boiling water for pasta. He saw the water start to boil. He grasped the pot to move it to a cooler spot. But then he dropped it, swearing madly. He had forgotten to grab the handles and burned his hands!

Gertrude Starts a Blog
Gertrude wanted to tell more people about her world travels. She decided to begin writing a travel blog. She wrote detailed accounts of her travel with fun pictures. Soon Gertrude's travel blog became very famous. Gertrude was so happy that she began writing a blog.

Actress
It was the first night of Emily's play. She played the lead actress. She waited backstage nervously for her cue. Her cue came and she stepped onstage. She got into character and acted beautifully.

Out to lunch
Amy decided to get a burrito on her lunch break. She figured her 30 minute break was long enough to go. She drove to the restaurant, and was shocked to see a line. She decided to wait in line. Amy's boss was disappointed she was 15 minutes late from lunch.

quitting coke
Nina had a problem with cocaine. She tried to quit on her own, but failed. Then she decided to go to meetings. The meetings helped her to identify her triggers. Nina was able to quit cocaine thanks to the meetings.

The eye-makeup smear.
Jules was doing her makeup. She had spent a long time doing her eyeliner. Then she tried to put some foundation on. She accidentally swiped her eye makeup. It smeared across her face.

Too Far
Jeff continued to hit Nancy with small pebbles. Eventually, he started to throw bigger rocks. Nancy became aggravated and grabbed a chair. She launched it towards Jeff. He fell on the floor.

lost book
Karen was going to return her library book. She looked all over for it. She could not find it anywhere. She thought she had lost it! Then she found it under her bed.

Baby Names
Alison was having a baby girl, and she was due in a month. She had no idea what she was going to name her baby. So, she decided read name books to get some ideas. However, none of her friends and family liked the names she picked. Alison decided she wasn't going to listen to their opinions.

Learning To Ride a Bike
Nikki just got a bike without training wheels. She wanted to learn how to ride it and asked her mom to help. Her mom told her the secret to riding a bike is to be confidant. So she believed in herself when she got on the bike and peddled. Having confidence worked, she rode her bike without training wheels.

Half-Marathon
Jackson wanted to run a half-marathon. He started to train everyday. He soon was able to run faster than his friends. He participated in the half-marathon with his friends. He beat all of them to the finish line.

Ice Cream Truck
All Tom's life, he had only one dream for his future. No matter what, Tom wanted to drive an ice cream truck. He worked very hard to save up for his dream. Finally, after several long years, Tom had enough money. He bought the truck and started his business.

cell phone
Richard's old phone broke so he decided to get a new phone. He was intent on getting an iphone but it was too expensive. He then proceeded to look at other smart phones. His mom paid for a flip phone for him. He wasn't happy with it but at least it can call and text.

Emily
Emily wanted to be a great engineer. She didn't have the grades to get into college. She studied hard for her last two years to raise her grades. Her hard work paid off as she got into a great school! Later in life she became a great engineer!

First Day of School
Austin was getting ready for his first day of school. His parents were very excited to take him to school. They arrived at his school and he was happy. They walked to his class and met his teacher. He ran in the room and told his parents to leave.

Mexico City
I was traveling in Mexico. I decided to go to Mexico City. Little did I know how dangerous the city was. I was robbed in downtown Mexico City. I decided to leave the city to protect myself.

Wireless
A man got fed up with all the wires in his house. He went around with scissors and cut every wire. He collected all the wires and put them in the trash. The trash can was very full so he had to tie the lid down. The man dragged the can to the curb for collection.

No Grade Curve
Barry ended up failing the final exam. His class grade jumped from a 91 to 79. A few days later, he decided to go to the teachers office. He begged the teacher for a grade curve. The teacher knew that he failed the exam and didn't give him a curve.

Penny's Pennies
Penny loved to collect pennies. She picked them up everywhere she went. One day she needed to pay a fine for parking. She decided to pay with her huge amount of pennies! She had to use a cart to wheel in the thousands of pennies!

The burnt muffins.
Graham was making blueberry muffins. He poured the batter into the cups. Then, he put them in the oven. While they baked, Graham fell asleep. By the time he woke up, he had burnt the muffins.

Big Sister
Nell was excited about becoming a big sister. She ran to the door when her parents came home with the baby. She begged to get to hold her new baby brother. As she held him, Nell's parents paid no attention to her. For a second, Nell thought of dropping the baby on the floor.

Cake Decorator
Rachel's mother's birthday was tomorrow. She set off to the grocery to buy a birthday cake. She carefully weighed her options and selected a cake to buy. She asked the bakery clerk to write happy birthday for her. Rachel laughed when she realized the clerk misspelled birthday.

Karaoke
Olivia hated karaoke. Her crush invited her to go this friday. It was a company tradition. She said yes. As soon as she got there she turned around and went home.

David Feeds the Birds
David notices that many birds gather outside his window. At first he is annoyed that they chirp so nearby his home. However, one day, he decides to give them some bird seed. Now instead of being annoyed, he starts to love the birds. David decides to feed the birds every morning.

New Drumset
Henry was excited when his drums came through the mail. He decided to set it up in the house. When his friend saw it, he asked if Henry can play it. He managed to hit the snare drum. It produced a harmonious noise.

Trip to Italy
Kelly couldn't wait to go on a trip to Italy. She got tickets last year and was finally going. When she got there however she got sick. She had to lay in bed a long time. The trip wasn't good after all.

Matt Gets a Job
Matt was a student at the local college. In the summer, Matt decided to stay on campus but not take classes. Matt went to his local electronics store and got them to hire him. Matt quickly became their best salesman and was awarded a bonus. With his bonus, he bought all his friends desert that night at dinner.

Perm
I got my hair permed by a friend. She first washed it. Then she put the curlers and solution in my hair. After setting a while, she removed the curlers. She then rinsed and dried my hair.

party planning
Mya wanted to throw her brother a birthday party. She invited all his friends over. Then she made a huge cake. Her brother came home from work that night and was shocked. He was so pleased he nearly cried!

Tina's Puppy
Tina went for a walk one afternoon like she always does. When she walked through the park, she was greeted by a puppy. She adored the puppy and the puppy adored her. She looked everywhere for the owner, but couldn't find anyone around. Tina took the puppy home and raised it to be a loyal companion.

Party Hearty
Reese decided to throw a get together. He rushed to the grocery store to get supplies. Beer and salty snack all made their way into the cart. He invited all of his friend over. The get together was a hit, but he ended up with a big mess.

Fire wood
We had to go to the barn to get wood. We were running low for the fire. We got out an axe to split them. Once they were split we brought them over. Now we had a nice roaring fire.

Mountain Biking
James and Carla wanted to do something fun over the weekend. They decided to try mountain biking. They rented a set of mountain bikes and were ready to start. Both enjoyed the excitement of mountain biking. James and Carla were very happy with their weekend fun.

shoes
Bobby wanted to run out and play with his friends. After putting on his tennis shoes, he noticed a hole in the bottom. Bobby told mom about his shoe problem. Mom took a look and gathered up her things. Mom and Bobby left for the store to buy him a new pair of shoes.

New puppy
Amber really wanted a puppy. She had never had a pet before. She begged her parents to get her one. Her parents refused. Finally her parents agreed to buy her one.

First Apartment
Jody was excited to get her first apartment in the city. She finally found a place she could afford. Soon, Jody noticed a lot of traffic in and out of the building. Then, a strange man came up to Jody. He asked if she was the madam of the place.

First date
Kelly and Fred were about to go on their first date. Kelly was quite nervous. She got all dressed up for the date. When the doorbell rang, she answered. It was Fred with a bouquet of flowers.

Kenny Gets a Bath
Kenny's dad announced that it was bath time for Kenny. He helped Kenny get undressed first. Kenny jumped into the tub full of water after his clothes were off. His dad helped him get clean before he got to play with bath toys. Kenny's dad helped Kenny dry off after he was finished bathing.

Airplane Ride
The airplane took off as soon as everyone got on board. I tried to finish my assignments on the ride to Chicago. However, I immediately fell asleep. My mom woke me up as soon as we arrived at our destination. We took our bags with us and met up with an aunt there.

Too Strong
The coach made two teams to go against each other in football tackle. The first round began when the ball was passed to my team. Jim threw the ball to me and I can towards the goal. I managed to cross one opponent, but I got hit from another. He ended up punching me instead of tackling me.

Horseback Riding
I always wanted to go horseback riding. When I went to Arizona, I saw my chance to try it. It was so hot in the desert. My behind was sore from the long trail ride. I have decided, horseback riding is not for me!

The New Bag
Lori bought a new bag last week. She had been saving up for a while to get it. She took it out to brunch with friends. When they got there two other women had the same bag. Lori pretended it was funny but was torn up inside.

Dad Leaves
Gina's family had gone out of town for a funeral. The funeral was now over. Gina's mom needed to stay and plan to move her mom to MN. Her dad couldn't miss anymore work. They stood on the porch waving goodbye as he drove back home.

Ants
Steve was eating in his room one night. And he didn't bother to put his plate away after he finished. The next morning, he felt ants in his hair. There were ants all over his table too. Steve never forgot to clean up after himself again.

Love For Biking
Mary loves to ride her bike every afternoon at 3:00pm. One day, the school bus had a flat, so Mary arrived home late. It was 4:15pm when Mary arrived home and got on her bike. While riding her bike, it started raining and Mary crashed. Mary now loves to ride her bike only on sunny days at 3:00pm.

Scholarship
Emma was getting ready to graduate from high school. She wanted to go to college but could not afford it. Her parents were unable to help her financially. Emma received a letter from the scholarship organization. She received the scholarship and was able to attend college.

Baby
Daisy is working in her office when she feels contractions. She calls her husband to let him know that the baby is coming. Her husband rushes to her office to drive her to the hospital. While in the car, Daisy's water breaks. They reach the hospital and she gives birth to a baby girl.

The job interview.
Lenny was desperately looking for work. He finally got a job interview lined up. He arrived at the place early. Finally, he went in for an interview. Unfortunately, he saw quickly that it was a scam and had to leave.

Maude Visits Alaska
Maude has always wanted loved nature. While her friends love city life, she likes peace and quiet. For her upcoming vacation, she decides to visit Alaska. After a long flight, she finally arrives in Anchorage, Alaska. She feels excited for a few weeks in nature.

Bad Exertion
The lifting contest began. Jerry and Kane was able to lift their weights for several minutes. However, Jerry started to get exhausted and moved slower. He ended up passing out because of his tiredness. While Kane was announced the winner, the medics took care of Jimmy.

Bees
Jenny had always been fascinated by bees after learning about them. She asked her mom if she could visit a beekeeper to learn more. Her mother took her to visit a beekeeper. Jenny spent the entire day learning about bees. Jenny decided she will be a beekeeper when she grows up to help bees.

Grocery bag
I came home from buying groceries. I felt lazy and decided to carry all the grocery bags inside at once. The grocery bags were too heavy and i dropped to the floor. Some of the items rolled out of the bags and left a huge mess. I will never try to carry all groceries inside at once again.

Snow Fort
Justin built a big snow fort last week. The fort was over four feet tall. Justin would use it to hide in during snowball fights. The sun came out and the weather warmed up. The snow fort melted and is just a pile of snow now.

Long Line
I was at a football game last night. During half time I decided to go to the bathroom. A lot of other people there decided to do the same thing. The line was really long. Eventually I just decided to hold it in until the game starts again.

New TV
Ben owns a 10 year old TV. He decided it was time to get a more modern TV. Ben decided to work overtime until he had enough money for the TV. He decided to wait for the big sale on Black Friday. Ben bought a 70 inch flat screen TV.

Breaking Arm
Casey was having a great time riding her bike with her friend. To her surprise she fell off the bike and broke her arm. Her mother took her to the hospital to get a cast for it. As she got the cast, she got all her friends to sign it. She could not wait for her arm to heal.

Robin Hood
Billy saw a Robin Hood movie the other day. He really liked it more than I thought. Today we went to the library to get books about Robin Hood. He also wanted to learn about the middle ages. Fictional stories can spark interest in real word history.

Queries
Cillian wanted to get his novel published. He prepared a query letter and sent it to agents. He received many stock rejections letters. Every once in awhile he got a personalized message back. Those personalized rejections actually felt somehow worse.

Fitting the blocks.
Molly needed to put away some blocks. The blocks had to be arranged very specifically in a bag. Molly sat down and tried to work the puzzle out. She had to start over several times. Finally she got it and put it away.

Horrible Gamble
I went to the casino around night time. I decided to use the slot machine for the first time. My friend told me to put $100 in the machine. After putting the money in the machine, I pressed the handle. The three slots were not the same type so I ended up losing money.

Doug Helps the Needy
Doug felt he was too selfish, and wanted to give back to the world. He researched many different charities and public services. After the research, he decided to work at a food pantry. Doug worked 6 hours and met tons of friendly, grateful people. Doug found that helping others for free is very gratifying.

Secret Candy
Amy put candy in her mom shopping cart without asking. She realized her mom would find it when putting away groceries. She tried to find the candy while her mother drove. Amy couldn't find the bag with the candy in it. She realized the bag must have been in the trunk.

Lead Role
The drama teacher was casting for roles in the school play. A veteran of school plays, Sarah was confident she'd get the part. She quickly learned the lines for the audition. At try-outs, Sarah heard a girl say the part meant the world to her. Everyone was surprised when Sarah fumbled the lines for the lead role.

Dance
Bella wants to go to her high school prom but no one has asked her. Bella decides she is going to ask someone. She goes up to Tim the next day and asks him to the dance. Tim accepts her invitation. Bella and Tim have such a good time at the dance.

Doomed
My family came to Universal Studios for the weekend. Some of us went our own separate ways to take a tour. When I wasn't paying attention, my baby brother ran off. I've spent 1-2 hours looking for him. My family became nervous since the park closes in a few minutes.

Asylum applicants
Gina lived in Syria. When the rebels began to take over, her family fled to Turkey. Once in Turkey, Gina's family applied for asylum in the United States. The application process took two years. Finally they were approved and now live in New York.

Miles Buys a Flannel Shirt
Miles realizes he does not have enough warm shirts for winter. He decides to go to the local store to find something warm to wear. At the store, Miles finds a flannel shirt that he loves. Although he does not normally wear flannel, Miles buys the shirt. Miles is very happy to have another warm shirt for winter.

Rocky Horror
My high school friend recently starred in Rocky Horror Picture Show. I really wanted to go but live out of town. My mom went to the show in my place. My friend noticed her right away and called her on stage. He gave her a lap dance in front of the entire audience!

Scuba
Keith was on vacation in Australia. He decided to go scuba diving for the first time ever. While under water, he saw many beautiful creatures and colors. He used an underwater camera to take pictures of the scenery. He saw many new sights and had the time of his life!

Christmas Tree
The Jones family was elated to go pick out their Christmas tree. The whole family climbed in the car to drive to the tree lot. They spent many hours debating between two lush trees. The Jones picked the shorter, squatter tree in the end. They strapped it to the car and started thinking how to decorate it.

Bathroom Accidents
Julia really had to go to the bathroom. She was stuck in the mall with her friends. She excused herself and tried to find the closest one. When she finally found it she rushed in a screamed. She had accidentally gone into the men's restroom!

The Band's Jam.
A group of friends planned to hang out after school. When school was over, they all met up. They drove back to their house. They went to their garage and grabbed their music equipment. The band jammed for 3 and half hours.

Toy or Candy
Lucy's grandpa took her to Walgreens to get a treat. She was allowed one item. She couldn't decide between a toy and candy. Her grandpa could tell she had a hard time deciding. In the end he allowed her to get both.

Ripped Off
Sam went to the gas station. He went in to buy a few candy bars. The guy behind the register didn't give him enough change back. Sam noticed but didn't make a big deal about it. He figured it was just a few cents and an honest mistake.

The Soapy Dog
Charles thought it would be fun to wash the family dog. As long as the dog didn't shake water on him, this would be cute. Charles put their dog in the tub and rinsed him with warm water. The dog didn't shake. Charles lathered the dog and then he shook soap everywhere.

The new State
Mike drove to Oklahoma to look for a cheap house. He stopped at a cheap motel to stay in while he house haunted. First thing in the morning, Mike met up with a real estate agent. The apartment Mike was shown was very nice and cheap. Miek happily and quickly grabbed the deal and moved into his new home.

Vacation
Brian wanted to go on vacation. He started saving extra money here and there. Soon he had several hundred dollars. He and his wife booked tickets for Florida. They had a great time on their vacation!

Bird project
Lara had a bird project for science. She had to go around naming birds. Lara thought it was fun. She went around town finding birds. When she turned in the project, she got an A.

visitor
Anna went to visit her husband in jail. The warden stopped her. He made her remove her shoes and jewelry. Then he let Anna in to see her husband. Anna was so glad to see him, she cried.

Shooting
Today my wife and I went shooting our guns. We tried to go to the local range, but the wait was too long. I drove my wife out of the city and to the countryside. We set up our targets and shot all day long. We decided to go to the countryside instead of the range next time.

Leaving
A man loved his family, but he had to leave to make a better life. He worked hard after leaving, writing every day. He finally earned enough money to bring his family. He moved them to America, to New York City. The boy is now a successful architect, and the man is still married.

Sand Sand Sand
When Joe returned from the beach he shook his clothes to remove sand. Joe was not satisfied with how much sand he knocked off by shaking. He went to his garden hose and sprayed himself to remove more sand. The water was too cold for Joe to handle so he stopped. When he was finally dry, Joe went inside.

Going to the Doctor
I leave my house and get in my car. After starting the car, I drive to my doctor's office across town. The drive to the doctor's office takes 15 minutes. I listened to the radio while driving to the doctor's office. I arrived at the office for my doctor's appointment 5 minutes early.

Mother's Day
Clara wants to get her mom something special for Mother's day. She buys her a bouquet of flowers and a card from the store. When she gets home, her dog eats the flowers! Clara's mom tells Clara that she doesn't need a present anyways. The two spent Mother's Day having a picnic in the park instead.

Present
I had to buy a birthday present for my brother. I didn't know what to get for him. I browsed a bookstore for ideas. I found a new book by his favorite author. The problem solved itself.

Work
Megan did not want to work, she was tired and bored of work. She knew that she had to go to work though so she rushed to get ready. When Megan arrived at work she discovered the building was closed. There had been a problem with the water main. She went home and enjoyed the day in her pajamas.

Lazy Cat
Sam wanted to get his cat in better shape. He changed its diet. He also wanted it to work out more. Sam tried several different techniques but the cat wouldn't do it. Eventually Sam gave up and stuck to just the diet.

Tara Gets Sunburned
It was an extremely hot day outside. Tara was on a run in the park. The sun scorched her entire body as she ran. She had forgotten to put on sunscreen. Tara had really bad sunburns by the end of her run.

Rainy days
Richard had a dream. His dream was to go to Japan. He also wanted to experience a rainy day in Japan. He eventually saved up so much money so he could go. Unfortunately in the end, it never rained.

A day at the beach
The Jones family went to the beach. They put up their tent shelter because the sun was hot. The wind started to blow. The wind picked up their tent shelter and blew it down the beach. The tent legs were broken and the Jones had no more shade.

Burned cookies
I decided to make cookies and found a recipe. I prepared the ingredients in the kitchen. I put the cookie dough on a sheet in the oven. After a while, I noticed an odd smell. I ran to the kitchen to see that my cookies had burned.

Photo finish
John needed a new camera. He was unsure which camera would be right for him. He was about to go the local photography store for advice. He noticed that someone left a used camera near the dumpster. It worked perfectly and John felt incredibly happy.

Grandma is Sick
When grandma comes to visit everyone is excited. But excitement turns to concern when she arrives. She is having a hard time remembering simple things. She reveals that she has been diagnosed with early onset alzheimer's. The family convinces her to sell her home and live with them.

New Halloween costume
Lily wanted a new Halloween costume. She didn't want to get one at the store. Therefore she decided to make one herself. She got everything together. She ended up making a rabbit costume.

Sleep
Three year old Laura didn't want to go to bed. She asked her mother to read a bedtime story. This always helps her to fall asleep. Laura fell asleep before her mother got to finish the story. Laura slept all night.

Jason's Goes Fishing
Jason's family went fishing for the afternoon. They didn't get a bite for several hours. Finally, Jason got a large fish on his line. After a long battle, Jason pulled the fish into the boat! Jason's family enjoyed eating his catch!

Broken leg
Last week I fell down the stairs. I ended up breaking my leg. I was rushed to the hospital to get checked. They gave me crutches. It will be awhile before I get better.

The Fire
I made a fire outside last night. It started off big and bright as I put in more wood. Soon I began to run out of wood. The fire was not as hot as it used to be. Without any wood the fire died down to nothing.

That's Life
He really hated his job. He knew he could just walk right out and never return. He could deal with the consequences. He pushed the crazy idea out of his mind. He sighed and continued with his work.

Phones
Karen loved to talk on the phone. Her kids were really annoyed by it. They decided to hide her phone. She was so angry. Karen grounded her kids.

Jack Gets Married
Jack and Maureen have been dating for a few Year's. Jack has said that he feels too young to get married. However, Jack's mother pressures him to marry Maureen. Finally he buys a ring and asks for her hand in marriage. Jack feels nervous to be getting married.

New Phone
Sue wanted a new phone. She did not have enough money. She decided to take on an extra job. She finally saved up enough. Sue was able to upgrade her phone.

Dinner time
Stephen had to get dinner started for the family. He asked the family what they wanted but nobody agreed on anything. He tried to make suggestions, but everyone just argued. So he packed everyone in the car and went to a buffet. Everyone was happy with this since they could choose what they want.

Bra
Kimmi was fifteen and needed a bra. She was embarrassed, but she pulled her mom aside one night. She asked her mom to take her bra shopping. Kimmi's mom took her to a lingerie store. There, Kimmi selected a few pretty bra and panty sets.

Married
Kate's mom and her boyfriend go on a trip to Hawaii. Once there, Kate's mom calls her. She informs Kate that she and her boyfriend are getting married. Kate is not convinced this is a good idea. A few Years later, her mom divorces him.

Candy
I have been eating candy ever since my last pay check. Every time I get paid I buy four candy bars. My teeth started to hurt. I went to the dentist. The dentist told me to quit eating candy and to brush more often.

Bad Test
Barry was preparing to take the SAT's. Barry studied very hard for the test, and felt he would do well. The day of the test, Barry choked! Barry could not seem to remember most of what he studied. Barry knew he did not do well, and he was not proud of himself.

Grocery List
Kris wanted to be a good husband. He noticed a grocery list on the counter and decided to go shopping. He got everything on the list and proudly returned. Once back he noticed they had a lot of that stuff already. He finally noticed the list was for last week.

The jumping picture.
Alaina was trying to take a photo while she jumped. She tried several times but none were coming out. They just kept coming out blurry. Finally, she got an idea. She recorded a video of her jumping and then made a screenshot.

Lost Frisbee
Jill threw her Frisbee towards Grant. He didn't catch it and the Frisbee went downhill. It ended up landing in the forest. They decided to go search for it. Since it ended up lost, they gave up after a few minutes.

Staying Home
Sam was tired from work. His friends invited him to go out. He wanted to have fun. Instead he turned down the offer. He figured it would be fun to watch tv and fall asleep.

Oral Report
Harry didn't want to go to class because an oral report was due. In the classroom, the teacher called Harry to give his report. Harry stood at the podium and mumbled the words on his notes. His classmates started to snicker. Harry crumpled his paper and ran out the door of the class.

Beach Trip
Phil's family wanted to take a trip to the beach. Phil was not a big fan of the beach. In order to make his family happy, he agreed to the trip. The beach had soft sand and it was a lovely day. Phil grudgingly admitted that he had a very nice day.

Gold
I wanted to become an entrepreneur. I decided to enter the gold mining industry. As a result, I became very wealthy. Then, I realized that the gold miners were using child labor. I felt guilty and shut down my business.

Stuck Soda
Susan was trying to get a soda from the vending machine. She put in 2 quarters into the machine. She pressed the button that dispenses the soda. Her soda got stuck in the machine! She was able to get it out by kicking the vending machine.

Public Speaking
I was a shy kid. I had to give a speech. Once I got on stage I realized I wasn't brave enough. I ran off stage and the audience laughed. I realized that public speaking was not for me.

Kitten
Ella really wanted a kitten. She begged her parents to get her one. Finally, they acquiesced. But the kitten scratches and made a mess everywhere! Ella realized she should have thought harder about getting a kitten.

Shoe shopping
Jill wanted to take her daughter ally shoe shopping. The two of them went to Steve Madden on fifth avenue to look. As soon as they walked in, ally grabbed about four pairs of shoes. Each one fit perfectly. Jill ended up buying all of them for her.

Getting to the appointment.
Lance had an appointment in town. He didn't have a car. He needed to find some way to get to his appointment. He noticed his bike in the garage. Then, he decided to ride the bike to the appointment.

Dog treat
My dog loves to get bones and treats. He also hangs out around the table for scraps that fall. This has become a very helpful scenario for me. When my wife cooks I secretly feed the dog as much as I can. Then I compliment her on how great the meal was!

Taylor
Taylor worked hard to get into college. When she got accepted into her program, she had a party. Her party celebrated her successes. She had too much to drink at her party. Luckily she learned her lesson and won't do it again.

The Nest
I went for a pleasure walk in my backyard the other day. Next to a tree I found a fallen nest. There were three eggs still in it. I put the nest back on tree securely. I continued my walk back inside.

Icy Cold Water
The power was out in the house due to the hurricane. I took off all of my clothes in order to take a shower. Since the water had no heat, I was freezing while showering. I came out shivering and quickly grabbed a towel. I eventually caught a cold throughout the day.

Late
Tia was staying late at work. It took her a long time to get caught up on her work. By the time she left, the parking lot was empty. It was scary and poorly lit. Tia had to ask the security guard to walk her to her car.

Securing A Home
I know my home is secure because I lock all the doors. I check to make sure my windows are closed. I follow the windows with setting the alarm. Finally, I call the home security company to check my phone lines. I do this every night to sleep peacefully.

Minnows
Evan saw tiny minnows in the creek behind his home. He decided to catch some for pets. He used a net to chase them with. But none of the minnows were slow enough to be caught! Finally, Even gave up on the idea of having minnows as pets.

Lost Dog
Jane had lost her dog, and she was very upset. She looked everywhere but could not find Fido. She was just about to give up when she heard barking from nearby. She ran over towards the noise, and there she found Fido! Jane cried in joy as she hugged her dog.

Cold outside.
Randy had been fighting with his girlfriend She kicked him out of the apartment one night. Randy decided to wait for her to calm down in the backyard. It started to get unbearably cold. Luckily, she eventually calmed down and let him inside.

Jail
I decided to go to the bar. I got very drunk. The police asked me if I was okay. I threw up on their shoes. They got angry and locked me in jail for the night.

Great Husband
Jill is pregnant. She gets a craving for pickles and ice cream at 2AM. So she wakes up her husband and sends him out to get both. He drives all the way to the store and back. When he returns with the items she is asleep again.

When I saw the Hummingbird
I had planted two plants, called butterfly bushes. I did not know that they would get over 9 feet tall. I was planning how to pull them out of the garden to transplant. As I sat contemplating, I saw a hummingbird fly out of the tree. I decided to leave the trees exactly where they were.

Lost
In 1998 we had to get uniforms for my son. The store was located in an unfamiliar area. We got lost and ended up in a rough section of town. A kind old man showed us the way. I was pleased when the GPS became popular.

Beach Invitation
Emily's friends invited her to go to the beach. But Emily didn't want to because she didn't know how to swim. But her friends encouraged her to come. Emily sat on the hot sand and watched her friends swim. She regret going.

Italian Food
There was this Italian place next to where Jennifer lives. She used to go there after class and get pasta for dinner. She went there last week only to find out that they closed down. She was told that a Mexican restaurant is opening up there next week. Jennifer will now have to force herself to like Mexican food.

The text
Tiffany was always texting her twin sister,Brittany. She'd often ask how she was and if she'd visit her. However, Brittany hardly ever responded to her. It made Tiffany sad until Brittany texted her, asking for money. Tiffany smiled as she deleted the text.

The Walking Pictures Project
Exercise walking was boring until I got a bright idea. I decided to take a picture of something new every time I walked I now  have pictures of pretty birds, a blue lake and strange people. I placed the pictures in a video editing program to make a short film. You can see the final result of my idea in a filmclip on YouTube.

Shopping
Tom and Jane set a shopping date up a few months ago. Tom got to the mall first, he called Jane to see where she was. It turned out Jane was already at the mall and waiting for Tom. Tom and Jane met in the food court and began shopping. They had a great day together and planned to do it again soon.

The Bullies
Lisa really wanted to impress a group of popular girls at school. One day, the girls were teasing a new girl who had joined their class. They tried to get Lisa to tease the new girl, too. Lisa, realizing how mean the popular girls were, refused. Instead, she became best friends with the new girl!

Wrong navigation.
Nadine and her mom were moving into a new house. Nadine was in charge of finding the house on GPS. She thought she had the right direction and lead her mom. Then, she realized that she had gotten it wrong. Her mom was annoyed and made her switch jobs.

Candle power
During a blackout I bought some candles. I set them up in my living room. The candles melted quickly. They  had melted all the way before I noticed. The candles went out and I was in darkness again.

Backyard barbeque
Every summer my family and I have a large barbeque. We love getting everyone together for a party. My job is to always bring the meat and corn. I don't mind that job at all. I can't wait for the barbeque next year.

Sushi Restaurant
Jane wanted to try something new. She decided to go to the local Japanese restaurant in her town. She ordered sushi, which she never had before. She loved the taste of raw fish. She took pictures of her meal.

Truck
Chris was a high school student. Chris parents went out of town often. Chris let his friend drive his dad's expensive SUV offroad. The friends had an amazing time offroading in the nice car. They had one of the best experiences of their lives offroading.

Sleepiness
Tim decided he would never sleep again. He wanted to stay up all night. He started watching tv. He fought the sleepiness as hard as he could. He then realized that it was impossible and went to sleep.

The Nice Babysitter
Wendy's mother was having some friends over for a party. She had hired a babysitter to put Wendy to bed upstairs. Wendy was sad she couldn't join the party. Her babysitter showed Wendy the exciting new books she had brought. Wendy enjoyed all the bedtime stories and forgot about the party.

No Race
Robbie could run faster than anyone in his class. He did not realize that he was not faster than everyone in the state. He entered a state competition, confident he would win. He did not train, after all, he was the fastest in his class. He came in dead last.

Starring Me
I beat out a now famous director for the lead role in a play Years ago Our drama club announced the audition dates. I practiced my lines day and night. I nailed my performance at the audition. I got the role.

Flat Tire
Sarah was in a hurry to get to work on time. On the way, she got a flat tire. She waved down passing cars to see if she could get help. A man stopped and helped her put her spare tire on. She thanked the man and hurried off to work.

The Application
Kevin wanted to go to college. He studied very hard in school. He did many after-school activities. He worked hard on his application. The college accepted him.

Beggar
Bill was walking to his car one night. But someone approached him and asked for money. Bill refused to give the person money and entered his car. But the person pounded on his window and cracked it. Bill sped off before the situation became worse.

Close the Window!
Bobby and his family were at a drive through zoo. They had buckets of food to feed the animals. His mom turned her head to say something to his dad. When she wasn't looking an emu stuck its head through the window. It ate almost half a bucket of food before she could close the window!

Tadpole Transport
We open our swimming pool every year in April. We always find a few sacs of frog's eggs floating around in the water. I use my pool net to fish them out and place them in a bucket. I put the bucket in my car and drive it to a nearby pond. When the eggs hatch the tadpoles will be in their new pond home.

Puppy Play
Two friends go to the dog park. They take their new puppy that is full of energy. ONce there they realize it's empty. There's no other dogs for their puppy to play with. So they play with it themselves.

Billy went to Indianapolis
Billy received a call from his friends last Thursday. They wanted to go to Indianapolis for the weekend. It took him five seconds to decide to go. As he packed his bags he thought about how amazing the weekend will be. Before he knew it, they had arrived.

Saltines
The other day I wanted to make peanut butter and crackers. I went to the cupboard to get the crackers. I then went to the fridge to get the peanut butter. I laid out everything and made ready to make my meal. But when I opened the package of crackers they were broken!

Ice Cream
Jacob went for a walk on the boardwalk. He stopped at an ice cream stand. He ordered mint chocolate chip but they were out. After careful consideration, he ordered vanilla with cookie dough. Jacob liked it better than mint!

Roller Coaster
Nancy was on a date at an amusement park. Nancy's date, Greg, suggested they ride a roller coaster. Since Nancy was afraid of heights, she never rode a roller coaster. Since Nancy declined Greg's roller coaster offer. Greg went on the roller coaster by himself.

The Firework Fans
Early on the 4th of July, John and Bob could not wait for fireworks! John and Bob decided they would go to the park to get a spot to watch. They waited there all day to see the fireworks go off that night. John and Bob packed a picnic and became very close that day. After the fireworks, they went home and smiled at the wonderful day.

Superbowl
We watched the Superbowl on Sunday. I was rooting for Carolina, because I am not a Manning fan. The game did not go well for the Panthers. I was shocked when Cam Newton did not dive for a fumble. I turned the tv off in disgust when the game ended.

Inservice
Pat had an inservice to attend on Tuesday with some of her friends. They had planned on going out to eat first at a local place. The restaurant was only 2 blocks from the inservice class. The restaurant also served cheap margaritas at dinner. So the group planned on drinking and then walking to the inservice.

Apple Pie
Katie wanted to cook an apple pie. She went to the local market to get all the supplies. She returned home and got to work. Katie spent the next few hours making her pie. Her family loved the homemade apple pie!

My dog ate my homework.
One night I spent two hours working on my homework. I finished it and then went to sleep. The next morning I woke up to go to school. I couldn't find my homework that I had finished. I found out that my dog ate my homework.

Fresh Juice
Akia wanted a glass of fresh passion fruit juice. Luckily, she lived in Hawaii. Akia decided to go forage for passion fruit. She went home and juiced the passion fruit. Akia now had a glass of fresh passion fruit juice.

Libby Hates to Cook
Libby hates cooking in her kitchen, and she is very bad at it. But she decides she needs to cook at home more to save some money. She makes a list, does the shopping, then comes home to put them away. By the time she is done, she is exhausted and doesn't want to cook. Libby decides she will eat better tomorrow, and goes out for a burger.

Heavy bags
Joe was at the airport. He saw a girl struggling with heavy bags. He helped her get her bags on the plane. They ended up talking. It turns out they hit it off and got married a year later.

Jenna Finds a Starfish
Jenna loves walking on the beach to relax. One Sunday morning Jenna decides to have a walk on the beach. As she is walking she steps on a starfish! It surprises her and she jumps in the air with a shriek. Jenna decides that the beach is no longer a relaxing place.

Cringe
My wife's sister came to visit last week. She was excited to see us. She mentioned having big news. When she arrived I congratulated her on her pregnancy. Unfortunately that wasn't her big news.

karaoke
Chris and Jesse were happily married. They desired to go out on a Friday night. Chris suggested Karaoke. Jesse agreed with Chris' suggestion. They went to karaoke bar and had a great time.

The Change
Gina had chosen to go to the high school her friend chose. As the summer wore on Gina grew tired of her bossy friend. She began to rethink her school choice. She fretted over her decision for weeks. The day before school started she decided to change schools.

Ty
Ty wanted to join a dance class. But she was too shy to go by herself. She asked her friends, but they weren't interested. Then Ty had a great idea. She went to the class with her little sister Susie instead!

The IP Block
Charles loves the breakfast sandwiches from Mcdonald's. He learned a way to buy one sandwich and get one free. One just has to fill out a survey. He used the offer once a day for a week. Finally Mcdonald's blocked his IP address from taking the survey.

Easter Sunday
The little boy waited patiently for Easter to get here. He went to the store with his mother and bought eggs and dye. He got home with his mother and they prepared the eggs for Easter. He woke up on Easter Sunday and was so excited to hunt the eggs. He hunted the eggs over and over and was very happy.

Bad coloring
Yesterday I decided to dye my own hair. I got a box from the drugstore to try out. I immediately opened it up and put the stuff on my head. When I was done it looked horrible. I knew not to do that again.

Personal Record For Facebook Likes
Lisa never made more than one hundred likes on Facebook. So she quit trying to get likes. Last night she went to the Prince concert and took a selfie. She posted her selfie on Facebook. It received about two hundred and fifty likes.

Burnt Pizza
Harry wanted to eat pizza. So he put frozen pizza in his oven. An hour later, he smelled something burning. And he rushed to his oven. His pizza was black and crispy.

Church
I never liked going to church. My parents made me go until I was fifteen. I learned how to braid by playing with bookmarks in the bible. My job is now a hair stylist. So church did teach me something useful.

The Alarm
Tina set her alarm for 5:00 am. She did not hear it go off. Tina woke up at 7:30 am. Tina texted her boss to say she would be late. Tina had never been late before.

The Basketball Game
Jennie was very excited. She was going to play her first basketball game that day. Jennie put on her uniform, and drank a sports drink. Jennie played well the whole game. Jennie's team won!

First Flight
Rick dreamed of being a pilot like his grandfather. He studied as many books as he could get. At sixteen, his father finally agreed to let him take real lessons. On his first solo flight, the plane's engines stopped! He remembered his brave grandfather, and calmly glided to the ground.

Banana Pudding
Charles loves banana pudding. For his birthday, his friends made him pudding instead of cake. They put candles in it, but it they sank to the bottom. Despite this, Charles was so happy for his birthday pudding. Now he gets pudding instead of cake every year.

Registration
Charles turned five in December. He will start kindergarten next fall. His mom called the district office to get registration information. She gathered all the stuff to get him registered. Charles is all ready to start kindergarten now.

Missing You
Matt hadn't seen his father in many years. One day he decided to visit for his birthday. He stepped over junk in his father's yard and knocked on the door. The old man answered drunk and dirty. He went in and they talked for a long while.

The Foal
Annie loved to visit her uncle's farm. Her uncle invited Annie to see the new baby animals. Annie arrived just when a foal was being born. She was angry because her uncle wouldn't let her in the barn. Annie pushed past to see the foal lying dead in the hay.

Ikea Store
Kim wanted to purchase new living room furniture. She decided to go to Ikea to buy furniture. Kim found stuff she liked, but wanted to look around more. When she found nothing else she went to look for the ones she chose. The store was so big it took her an hour the original set she chose.

Drunk Singer
The band needs to get on a plane. But the lead singer is missing. They look everywhere but nobody knows where he is. They finally find him at his favorite bar. They drag the drunk singer back to the plane.

The Outlet
I have and electrical outlet that does not work. I tried to take it apart and fix the problem. The outlet still did not work so I called a professional. The outlet cost me forty dollars to have fixed correctly. I was glad I called in a professional so I did not get hurt.

Egypt
Egypt was a sweet cat who wanted to get adopted. She was stuck at the shelter, with other kitties. A beautiful lady came in and looked friendly. So Egypt started meowing, meowing, scratching and showing her belly. Her antics worked and the lady adopted her.

The big pumpkin
John planted a pumpkin. He took good care of it. One day his pumpkin was so big he couldn't move it. John got his dad to help. They took it to the fair.

keg money
Billy wanted to throw a big party at his house. Buying beer in single bottles, would cost a lot of money. Billy didn't have a lot of money. He decided to buy a keg, instead. He had enough beer and money left over.

Disney World
Dan was excited to take his children to Disney World. The kids were looking forward to seeing their favorite characters. Dan was excited to visit the Star Wars exhibit. The kids took pictures with their favorite characters. Dan and the kids had a great time at Disney World.

Side Swipe
While I was driving, the person in front of me was moving slow. I decided to speed up in another lane and go in front of him. Eventually, he drove up and hit the side of my car. I immediately stopped however, he kept driving. Since I couldn't file a report, I was mad.

A Simple Misunderstanding
Perry's new tech startup needed to get their computers ready. So he sent Sam out to buy the 30 mice they would need in the office. However, he probably should have been more specific. Sam brought the box of mice, but odd scurrying sounds came from it. Now Perry has to hire pest control & get a refund from the pet store.

Horse Riding
Angela's aunt has five horses. Angela wants to ride one. She calls her aunt to ask if she can come over. Angela goes to her aunt's farm. They go riding together all day.

The Bus
Gina went to find her school bus to go home. She arrived in time to see the buses driving off, one by one. As they drove past her she pretended not to care. She called her mom, but she didn't answer. Gina walked all the way home alone.

Apples
Kitty and Em had picked a whole bushel of apples. But then little Em had taken one bite from each apple! Kitty was sure the apples would all go bad now! Then she had a great idea to avoid wasting them. She cooked them all up into a big pot of applesauce!

Strange Encounters
The teacher introduced us to his class and asked to take a seat. I stumbled across a few bleachers in order to find some space. Since I wasn't familiar with anyone, I felt awkward. Someone suddenly shouted my name out loud. I noticed that it was my high school friend, Elena.

Date Night
We finally went on a date tonight. It's been such a long time, I was so excited to get away. He took me to the best restaurant. It was so romantic, I could have cried. He kissed me goodnight and walked me to my door.

Dora's Bad Luck
Dora was tired of being picked on by her big brother. Her complaints to her parents fell on deaf ears. She decided to get even. Enlisting the help of a friend, she set up a prank which backfired. Luckily, Dora's hair will grow back in a few weeks.

Writing a Book
Kate wrote a book. She tried to get it published. She sent it to different places. Eventually one publishing house picked it up. It sold well and they asked her for another book.

Taking a Shower
I needed to take a shower the other day. My wife had just used it. I decided to go in after her but it was a bad idea. All the hot water was gone. She had been in there for two hours.

New family member
Kelly's sister was having a baby. Kelly couldn't wait to be an aunt. As soon as the baby was delivered, Kelly went over. Kelly was thrilled to meet the baby. She thought the baby was beautiful.

Norway
I lived in Norway. It was always cold. I decided to move to Texas. I loved the warmth of Texas. I decided to retire in Texas.

At Least One Yes
June asked her father if she can go out. Her father immediately said no. However, her mom said yes when June asked her. She dressed up and left the house. Her father was bickering at her mom for letting her go.

The Standup
As a 41-year-old man, my mother doesn't give me money. But on this particular day, she calls me and offers me $100. We scheduled to meet in Nordstroms in Cerritos at five o'clock I first went window shopping and people watching. At five, my mother wasn't at Nordstroms and she never showed.

fall
Adam was mountain climbing. He reached up to drive his pick into the rock wall. But his hand slipped, and he dangled from one carabiner! Quickly he regained his grip on the wall. There he clung, panting, until he had calmed down.

Class election
Ted decided to run for class president. First, he began collecting student signatures to get on the ballot. Next, he made campaign posters to hang up around school. Finally, Ted drafted a speech to give on election day. On election day, Ted was not elected because people liked Bob better.

Christmas Gift
Jamie was never able to afford a Christmas gift for her parents. She had always wanted to give them one. She got her first job this year. She had enough money to buy them one. Her parents gratefully accepted the gift.

Halloween Party
Dan was invited to a Halloween party. At one point, the kids were blindfolded. Their hands were put into plates of food. Dan knew the eyeballs were grapes and the brains spaghetti. Yet, he played along and gasped with the others.

Exercising
Tim decided to take his health seriously. He decided to emulate how professional athletes train. He learned that bodybuilders train muscles. He learned that athletes train movements. He improved his functional movement and health due to his training.

Spring Break
Sue wanted to go on vacation after studying hard in college. She completed all her term papers and exams. Sue and her friends planned their vacation. They packed up their bags and drove to an airport. They hopped on an airplane and flew to an island getaway.

Eviction
Ralph looked at his family with tears in his eyes. In two weeks, he would be evicted from his apartment. In desperation, Ralph set up a Go Fund me Account. To his surprise, donations poured in from all over. Ralph was able to keep his family in their home.

Florida Sun
I went to a Florida beach for the first time in my life. I only had one day at the beach to get a good tan on vacation. My mom told me that I needed suntan lotion. She said the Florida sun is strong but I did not take her advice. That night my skin turned painfully bright red.

Law Breaker
Janice wanted to get beers for her boyfriend after work. She couldn't decide which to get. Eventually she figured she would just get a variety of his favorite. Instead of paying, she tried to steal them. She got away with it and he got drunk.

The Sled
Jason decided to go sledding. He found his sled in the garage. He walked to the big snowy hill. Jason climbed to the top with his sled. Jason went down the big hill on his sled.

New Friends
Often deer came into the Jones' yard in the fall. One evening near dusk, Mister Jones let the dog out for a few minutes. When he opened the door to get the dog back in, he was surprised. A few yards from the house, the dog was playing with another animal. It was a small deer that seemed to think it was a dog, too.

The Lawyer
Jane went to an attorney to get a divorce from Jack. The lawyer was polite but informed her she would lose a lot. Jane decided to take a day to think about it. She called the lawyer a week late and told him to proceed. A week later Jack signed the papers somberly.

Takeout
Amy wanted Chinese food for dinner. She called her favorite place and ordered takeout. They delivered it to her house in fifteen minutes. She opened the cartons and smelled how delicious it was. She dug into her Chinese food with relish!

Body Building
There are two phases to body building. They are called Bulking Up and Cutting. The first phase you are suppose to eat a lot and lift heavy weights. The second phase you scale back the food and do lots of cardio. Apparently if you do these two things you will look amazing.

A rush to the hospital.
Yasmine was going into labor. She needed to take a cab to the hospital. Unfortunately, the cab wasn't running at that hour. Yasmine did her best to wait. As soon as possible, she called a cab and made it to the hospital.

Drink
Larry went through the drive through of the mexican restaurant. He ordered a burrito and a side of beans. The lady at the window handed him his bag, but Larry dropped it. He opened his truck door to pick it up, but hit the wall. Larry was embarrassed and drove away without his burrito.

The carnival booth.
Sara's mom asked her to help out at a school carnival. Sara agreed and they went to the carnival. There, Sara's job was to run the cake walk. When she was done, she was rewarded with some tickets. Using her tickets, she was able to win prize.

Homework
Simon has been falling behind in school. He often forgets to turn in homework. He doesn't want to go to summer school. He starts checking his teacher's homework website for assignments. He avoids summer school by bringing his grade up to a C-.

Karaoke
Samantha had terrible anxiety. Her friends made her go to a karaoke bar. So she chugged six shots to ease her nerves. She got up there and sang dancing queen. She never felt more alive and her anxiety was gone.

Bear attack
Rick was setting up the tent near the forest. He went inside of the tent after it was set up. However, a bear appeared out of nowhere. It slashed the top of the tent. Rick was stuck for several minutes.

Flattened
A frog hopped out of the pond. Throughout the forest, it continued to move in a straight path. Eventually it came onto a small strip of the road. An upcoming driver didn't see where he was going. He ran over the frog and it died.

Retirement
Theresa and Pat made a pact to live together in their later Year's. When they retired, they both had a long discussion. At the end of the discussion, they decided to move to Belize. Theresa being from Belize made all the arrangements. Their first day of retirement, they flew to Belize and lived life.

Jean's Things
Jean was moving out of state. She packed up all her things, but couldn't take them all. I offered to keep some of her things for her at my house. She decided to let me keep her things and use them. We are both happy now.

Swimming Day
Today is so hot that I am going to go swimming. I have my suit on and I'm ready to go. I jump in the water and it is freezing! I swim around to warm up and begin to play. I'm always so tired after swimming in the pool.

My test
On Friday I had to take the MCAT which I needed to do well on. I've wanted to be a doctor since I was five. I completely blanked when I got to the test. But after a while the information came back to me. I completed the test and found out I got an amazing score.

The Wonderful Wedding
Jim loved Tina so much that one day he asked her to marry him. They set the wedding day for July 1 and could hardly wait. On July 1, the wedding went more beautifully than they imagined! It was like a fairytale for both of them and the best day ever! Jim and Tina bought a ranch and lived happily ever after.

Kim
Kim had just got a new little boy in her class. After his first day, he asked if he could walk home with her. It turned out he'd just moved into the house next door. Kim agreed to walk home with him every day. The new neighbor boy soon became her very best friend!

Hanging up curtains
My windows let in too much light. I ordered curtains and a bar. When they arrived, I set them up. I closed the curtains and they cut off all light. I sat in my chair and relaxed.

Ostridge
Kevin was at a safari. He was able to drive and he saw an ostrich. He was stupid and threw a pebble at it. The ostrich was mad and started chasing him. Kevin was able to escape.

Cashier
Amy had worked in stockroom at Marshall's for 3 months. One day her boss said she was to become a cashier. Amy was excited for the chance to move up from the stockroom. Amy paid attention and worked hard in cashier training. It pleased her to be complimented for being a fast learner.

Test
I took a test in history. When I sat down to take the test, I was shocked. I could barely remember anything the test was asking me about. I did my best, but I was sure I failed. When I got the test back, I realized I hadn't done as bad as I feared.

Snake
Rick had a big pet snake in his home. When he moved to a small apartment for work, he had to get rid of her. His friend watched the snake for a year while Rick worked. When Rick returned home, he was so happy to get his snake back. The snake had grown almost a foot while he was away!

Daniel hates the cold.
Daniel hates cold weather but lives in Indiana. He decides to transfer his job to Florida. He talks to his boss and gets approval to move. He packs up all his belongings and sells his house. He moves to Florida and is never cold again!

In Line
Dan was in line at the gas station. He watched the old man ahead of him get out of his car. He went over to the pump and looked at it like he had never seen one. Dan saw the old man's confusion. Dan got out and went over to help him pump his gas.

Chemistry
It was a rainy day and young Felicity was bored. She wandered her home, trying to think of something to do. She came across her brother's chemistry set and was soon absorbed. She loved watching the interesting chemical reactions! Felicity decided then and there to become the best chemist ever.

Sam Saves For a Camera
Sam was interested in buying a new digital camera. She looked all over the internet for reviews. He decided he wanted to get a Sony DSLR camera. He saved up for months to purchase it. Sam was finally able to order his Sony camera after a few months.

House Boat
Billy's birthday was a few weeks ago. We wanted to surprise him so we hopped in the car and drove. He had no idea we were going to the houseboat, a place he loves. When we made a left turn on Homestead, he was so excited. We had an amazing time all night on the boat and the next day too.

Sore Hand
James was playing flag football with his friends. He was playing wide receiver. James went up to catch the football. The football hit him right in the fingers. James had to sit out the rest of the game with a sore hand.

New Cat
Sal's cat died after ten years. He mourned for a few weeks before deciding to get a new cat. Sal went to the pet store but on his way he heard noise in an alley. Looking in the alley, he found a skinny, filthy cat. Sal took the cat home and soon the two were best friends.

The Listener
Hannah enjoyed writing short stories. She enjoyed sharing them with her boyfriend, Matt, even more. After sharing her 100th story with Matt, he started to get annoyed. He warned her to never share another story with him again. She did anyway and he beat her up for ignoring him.

Call Clyde
Gina was at her her grandma's house. Her mom, dad, and siblings were at her Uncle Clyde's house. Gina didn't want to go with, but without them she was bored. She called her uncle's house to find out when they would return. When she heard the music blaring she knew it was no time soon.

Valentines Chocolate
Marko loved Valentine's Day. He always had so many secret admirers. All of them would bring him so much chocolate. By noon he had eaten six bags of pink and white M&M's. And at noon he had six bags worth of pink and white throw up.

Jen runs out of gas
Jen was on a road trip with her friends Jen notices her gas light come on Her friends tell her she should get some gas before it runs out Stubborn Jen insist she was still good to go until the next town Halfway to the town she runs out of gas

Flooring
They knew they had to get new flooring before selling their house. They went to a number of carpet stores to get the best prices. They finally decided on a nice vinyl that they thought would go well. They paid for it in full and waited for the installation. Once the installation was done they were impressed with how it looked!

Mark
Mark was playing hide and seek with his dad. He first found his dad very quickly. Then it was his turn to hide. Mark's dad searched high and low, but to no avail. Mark had won the game!

knee
Mary had a lot of knee trouble. She could not bend her knee to kneel down at church. She decided to go to the doctor and look for help. The doctor ordered an MRI and decided she needed surgery. Mary had surgery and now has almost full use of her knee without pain.

Milton's Secret
Milton was 72 Year's old and the president of a university. A 19-year-old freshman used to visit him almost every day. One afternoon the freshman sat in his lap. She asked Milton could she sit in his lap everyday? Milton said yes, but they would have to keep the affair a secret.

Lies
Whitney was supposed to go out with a guy. He told her they would do something on Saturday. He went out on Friday. Pictures from Friday surfaced. Come to find out, he has a girlfriend.

New Identity
Farm girl Ernestine couldn't wait to move to the city. There, she called herself Syd and dressed in designer clothes. One day, her parents said they were coming to visit. Syd planned to meet them in a cafe to avoid notice. As she approached the cafe, Syd abruptly turned and walked away.

Jimmy Plays Video Games
Jimmy didn't want to go to school. The new Halo video game was coming out today. He decided to pretend like he was sick. Jimmy played the video game at home instead. He was really glad he was able to play the game on the release date.

A Locked Closet
Jane explicitly told the housekeeper to stay away from the closet. The housekeeper compiled for the most part. One day, the housekeeper noticed the closet was slightly ajar. She peeked into the normally locked closet and found it empty. From that day forth, she thought Jane was somewhat eccentric.

Gym Time
Chuck had just got off work. He knew he had to go to the gym. He quickly made a quick snack. He put on his gym clothes. Chuck drove to the gym to workout.

Getting Pizza
Taylor wanted a pizza. He was hungry but didn't want to spend money He decided to get a frozen pizza instead. He thought it was a good idea. But then he realized he had to cook it.

Going to the grand canyon
Kyle's family saved money for a year. They decided to go on a trip to the grand canyon. They packed up their belongings and drove for days. After a long trip, they arrived to their hotel near the grand canyon. Kyle and his family walked to the canyon and took pictures.

Stanley Falls Asleep
Stanley finds it difficult to stay awake at work. When he is working on his reports, he sometimes falls asleep. Today, Stanley starts dozing off as his boss walks by. His boss tells him that he must never fall asleep at work again. Stanley starts bringing coffee to work to stay awake.

Ernesto the cat
Ernesto the cat likes to run in the roof. Every night he goes outside and chases around other cats. One time, a big cat got angry and chased Ernesto back. Ernesto got really scared and run away. He came back to his house to ask for hugs.

New pair of beats
Chris was excited to get his first pair of beats headphones. His previous headphones broke so he needed new ones. He was excited to finally get the beats. He picked out the studio version. When he finally used them, it was well worth it

Robert started a new job
Robert got a great job offer to do government roofing The job was set to pay 60 dollars per hour Robert could not turn it down and accepted the job That day Robert went to lunch with his father Robert then went to work, and worked harder than ever

First tattoo
Abby was ready to get her first tattoo. She was nervous because she was afraid it would hurt. Abby sat down and trembled. Finally the needle came to her skin. The pain was bad but worth it.

Dog Chaser
My neighbor has the flu. I offered to take his dog, Sam, for a walk. Sam lunged at a squirrel and the leash broke. I chased Sam for an hour before sitting on the ground to cry. Sam came back immediately and started licking my face.

Shooting Range
Me and my Dad go to the shooting range every Summer. My Dad taught me how to shoot a rifle properly. Now i can hit the targets with good accuracy. I asked him to teach me about pistols. Next year he will teach me how to shoot pistols properly.

Samantha Moves Out
Samantha had to move out of her apartment. Her lease was ending by the end of the week. She asked her friend Sammy to help her move. Together, they were able to move out her stuff in 2 days. Samantha thanked Sammy afterwards by buying her lunch.

Trip to Vietnam
William and I were in the Army Security Agency school together. They needed field personnel so pulled us both out of school early. William wanted to go to Korea and I wanted to go to Germany. So they sent William to Germany. And then they sent me to Vietnam.

The new baby.
Christa's aunt had just had a new baby. Christa was really excited to go visit them. When she arrived, she asked to hold the baby. Her aunt told her that she needed to wash her hands first. Christa quickly washed up and then held the baby.

The Tea Party
I went into Lucy's room. She had her tea set out on her table. All her animals were seated at the table. She was serving them tea and cookies. It was a great tea party!

Trip Him
Gina wanted the new boy in her class to know she disliked him. But she had never spoken to him. It was lunch time and the class lined up to leave the room. Gina decided she would trip the boy as he walked past her. But she chickened out at the last moment.

The walk
Adam needed to go to the store, but his car would not start. He had to walk to the store. He put his headphones in and turned his music on. He walked at a brisk pace while listening to the music. He made it to the store quickly.

Laura Gets a Flat Tire
It was a warm summer day. Laura wanted to go on a cruise near the beach. She got in her car and started to drive. After driving for a few minutes she got a flat tire. She had to call a tow truck in order to get home.

Tornado
Molly and her family have a house in tornado alley. They were getting ready to leave for work when they heard the siren. They went to their safe space and bunkered down. They waited and waited. The tornado hit and part of the roof was taken off the house.

Worth the Wait
Bob always wanted a puppy. He knew getting a puppy would be expensive. He didn't have the money he needed to get the puppy he desired. Bob patiently waited for the annual free adoption day. He walked away from the animal shelter with puppy he wanted.

Bedtime
It was bedtime at our house. Two of the three kids hit the pillow and fall asleep. The third is a trouble maker. For two hours he continues to get out of bed and want to play. Finally he becomes tired and falls asleep.

The benevolent host
Holly was a good neighbor. Whenever the neighbors came to visit her, she would be very gracious. She would serve them food and beverage. Her neighbors thought highly of her. They would praise her for being such a good person.

Seine
Kim was visiting Paris. She went to the edge of the river Seine. She watched the boats pass by. The water was wild and fast! Kim thought it was pretty but dangerous.

Cruise
Emma wanted to go on a cruise. She saved her wages for months. Then she booked a cruise. She sailed to the Mexican riviera. Emma loved her cruise!

School
Derek wanted to be a doctor. His mom told him to get good grades. He listened to his mom. Derek got into college. Now he is a doctor.

Exercise
I was getting fat. My doctor told me I needed to exercise. I decided to run the boston marathon. I trained for nine months. Eventually, I ran the marathon and I had lost lots of weight.

My trip to Key West
I decided to go on a trip to Key West last winter. I made reservations for the trip and a week later flew to Miami. The weather was beautiful in the keys and I went snorkeling. I also spent some time tanning out by the hotel pool. I was sad to leave Key West but I had to go back home.

Braids
Lee loved getting her hair braided into micro braids. It usually cost her two hundred dollars to get them done. She had a trip approaching and wanted her hair done. She wanted to save money so she tried to do her own hair. Lee was successful at her attempt.

Smart Marco
Marco went to mass every Sunday with his family. He would fall asleep or play with his fingers. His mother would scold him at home because he didn't pay attention. Marco decided to end this once and for all. He made a pair of fake eyes glasses so it looked like he was awake.

Police
David become a police officer. He was happy because he had been trying to get a job for a while. It took him three Years to become a cop. He now is dedicated to patrolling the streets. He loves his job and gets to protect citizens!

Postponed
I drove to the concert today. The ticket vendor allowed me to go in after giving him the ticket. When the band was playing, a thunderstorm started. The security guards evacuated everyone out of the building. The concert was scheduled for a future date.

Shane goes to a play
Shane was walking down the street. He noticed an ad for a play starting that night. He decided to go see it and have fun. Shane went to the location of the play and went inside. Shane watched the play and enjoyed it very much.

Black Friday
Every year my mother and I go Black Friday shopping. This year I dread cooking all day and shopping all night. I started flipping through ads this morning online. I found out some stores offer deals online! I'm happy we can just hang out with our family and shop online.

The Stairs
Last week I tried to run up the stairs. I tripped and fell. Somehow I twisted my ankle rather badly. I have to have a cast on it now. It makes it even harder to go up the stairs.

Fishing
Jake and his dad are going fishing together. They load the boat into the lake and take off. After laps around the lake, they didn't catch any fish. Jake is mad, until he realizes he's there for his dad, not the fish. Jake and his dad hang up the poles, and talk until it's dark.

The Holiday
Sharon decided to stay on campus for the holidays. The closer to Christmas, the more miserable she became. A classmate noticed her moping around campus during the break. They talked and he insisted she join him for Christmas dinner. She ate with his family, played board games and had a great holiday.

Marge's Pet Pig
Marge had a pet pig named Maggie. She thought the pig would stay little and cute. She was wrong the pig grew to be 350 pounds! Marge decided to be a responsible pet owner and still loved Maggie. She kept Maggie until she passed away.

Lunch
Lucy forgot to bring her lunch to work. She decided to go buy something. The only nearby restaurant was closed. She decided to just skip lunch and eat a big dinner. When she got home she realized she forgot to buy anything for dinner.

The Storm
There was a storm over Bill's house. He was very scared. He needed to take his mind off the storm. He played video games to busy himself. He had so much fun he forgot about the storm.

Taco truck
Yesterday I went to a taco truck. I ordered three different spicy tacos. Yet unfortunately I had to wait about twenty minutes for them. Finally the tacos came. The wait was worth it.

One Phone Call
I went to the jail facility to visit my friend. When I saw him, he looked completely terrible. Although he was depressed, it was hard to believe his words. I questioned his motives since he was more mean outside of jail. Overall, he remained speechless.

Moving
Whitney graduated college. She got a job in Nashville. She had to pack up and move from one state to another. She had never lived away from home. The move was the best decision she ever made.

Around The World In One Day
Mikayla and her family were going to Epcot Center for the day. Her brothers and sisters all wanted to visit the giant globe. Mikayla didn't care to see what was inside it at all. She was there to visit every country exhibit she could in one day. By the end of the day Mikayla considered herself a world traveler.

A Son's Love
Jim's dad was getting up in years, turning ninety. Jim decided to quit his job and take care of his dad in his home. Jim moved his father in with him. Jim spent his days and nights talking with and caring for his dad. When Jim's dad passed away, Jim felt so good about what he had done.

Bath Time Blues
My dog, Constantine, hates to take a bath. For his last bath, it took three people to wrestle him into the tub. He whimpered and shook the water all over us. He jumped out of the tub and soaked the bathroom floor with water. Constantine now runs anytime someone says that it is bath time.

Extra Candy
After Halloween, Ida had a lot of extra candy. She put all the extras in a bag and took it to work the next day. All of her co-workers thanked her for all the candy. Ida was very glad that someone was enjoying all the candy. At the end of the day all the candy was gone.

FBI Trouble
When FBI agents come looking for Bill he thinks he's in trouble. He panics and starts hiding from them. But eventually they catch up with him at work. All they want is a job reference for an old Navy buddy of Jack's. Jack is relieved.

Sleeping through the alarm.
Max needed to get up early for an appointment. That night he had a lot of trouble sleeping and he was up late. In the morning, he slept through his alarm. He didn't wake up until two hours after his appointment. He had to call and reschedule.

Lumberjack
There was a big tree in our back yard. It grew to be a danger. We decided to take it down. It took a few hours of cutting and some planning. Eventually it fell over without hurting anybody.

The Blind Date
Sam was convinced to go on a blind date by his friends. He was shy and unsure about himself. He agreed to it. Sam went on the date and actually had a good time. He intends to see her again soon.

Falling asleep at the wheel
Gary left the bar one night after hanging out with friends. He got into his car and began to drive. After a minute, Gary suddenly began to fall asleep behind the wheel. Gary forced himself to stay awake until he made it home. When he made it home, Gary collapsed on his couch.

The Metal Detector
James gave his girlfriend, Lorna, a metal detector for her birthday. She thought it was the strangest gift she had ever received. She reluctantly agreed to go try it out at the beach. She was shocked when she found a diamond ring in the sand! Having planted it there, James got down on one knee to propose.

Hunting
Ethan left to go hunting the first week of November. This was an annual tradition with his family. All day he spent in the woods waiting to see some game. Ethan didn't see anything the entire two weeks he spent outdoors. He went home very disappointed.

I went shopping.
I needed to buy some new clothes. I decided to take a trip to dillard's. After I go tthere, I picked out some new pants. After checking out, I went home. Once home, I put them on and was very happy.

Shoe shopping with Avery
Lulu wanted to take her daughter Avery shopping. At first she was rather hesitant about it. But Avery begged her for new shoes. Lulu finally caved in and agreed. When they were done she bought five pairs.

A Bridge Not Too Far
As a child, Ken wanted to build a bridge to cross a stream in a park. Once older he realized that the stream was small enough to jump. Ken took a running start and jumped as far as he could. He only made it half way and created a terrific splash. He was soaking wet on his walk back home.

Part-Time Job
I wanted to get a job. Alas, I didn't think I could survive forty hours of work per week. So, I decided to get a part-time job. After a month, I secured a part-time job. Alas, it didn't pay the bills so I quit and got a full-time job.

Bad Hair Day
Ted went to school one day. It was the day to take school photos and he forgot. He went to the bathroom and he looked very bad. He decided to hide while people took their photos. When it was over, Ted went to class uncomfortably.

The caring son.
David tried to take care of his aging parents. One day his dad had an accident. While his dad was walking down a path, a car came by and hit him. David felt terrible. David took his dad to the hospital.

Rainey's Car
Rainey's car wouldn't start one morning. She had to go to work, but it was too far to walk. She called her boss, and explained the situation. Rainey finally found a ride to work. Rainey's boss told her she was fired for being late.

Shoes
Beth loved shoes. She went shoe shopping every week. She decided to go to a new mall for shoes. She saw that this mall had a really great selection. She found her new favorite pair of shoes at this mall.

Purse
I wanted to go to the cinema. I decided to sneak some candy in my purse. Halfway through the movie, a cinema worker noticed the candy. He told me I had to throw it away. I gave him the middle finger so he kicked me out of the cinema.

Homecoming
I went to the homecoming dance to hang out with friends. At the dance, my crush asked me to dance with her. It was great fun as we danced to Jackson Browne. My friend taunted me because they were jealous. It was the best homecoming dance I've ever attended.

Clark's Cat
Today, Clark was on a normal walk through his neighborhood. He heard a peculiar noise in one of the bushes. It was a lonely kitten looking for food! Clark took the kitten home and gave him food and water. The kitten become one of Clark's best friends.

Sweet Kitty
I was taking a walk down the street and heard a tiny meow. I looked left and saw a little kitten with no mommy. I grabbed her up, and wrapped her in a scarf I had with me. I took her home, bathed her, and fed her milk and chicken. I've had her for seven Years now, and she's my best buddy.

The Thought Counts
I found my friend sad in school. I decided to cheer her up. I tried to have a walk with her. Unfortunately, we ended up getting stung by bees. She was happy that I at least tried.

Cupcake Party
Brandy loved cupcakes. Her friends decided to throw her a cupcake party. They baked dozens of cupcakes for the party. When Brandy arrived, she was so happy. She knew her friends cared about her because they worked so hard.

Gone Forever
Nancy decided to walk out of the shoe store. She realized that she left her purse on the counter. However, she couldn't find it after looking in the store again. The cashier told her that she didn't see where it went. Nancy was mad and walked away.

Grandma's Cookies
Jenna's grandma was baking cookies to give to the neighbors. She tasked Jenna with taking the sweets to them. While Jenna was delivering them, some bullies tried to steal them. Jenna's grandma rushed out of the house, wielding a broom. The bullies made a hasty retreat.

Shopping
There was a couple who went shopping. The man was getting anxious. He told the wife to hurry up and go home. The wife didn't listen and they stayed out two more hours. When they got home there was a big fight.

Fired
Jeff has to fire Scott because he never shows up to work. At first Jeff was nervous and didn't want to upset Scott. The day that Scott was to get fired he called in sick. This upset Jeff because he needed Scott to be at work that day. This made Jeff's job a lot easier to fire him because he was mad.

ocean
Ben had never seen the ocean before. On his trip to Florida to visit relatives, they went to the beach. Ben stopped and stared open mouthed. He was amazed at its vast beauty. Ben decided the ocean was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen.

Out of gas
Todd was riding his dirt bike in the woods. He began to ride down a small dirt road away from his friends. While on the road, his dirt bike began to stop working. Suddenly, Todd's dirt bike ran out of gas and he was alone. Todd had to push the dirt bike five miles back to his truck.

train ride
Ethan had never been on a train. He decided to take a train ride. He bought himself a ticket at the depot. Then he eagerly boarded the train. As it pulled away from the station, he beamed with joy!

No Party
Court is supposed to go to a party with some friends. Her daughter wakes up with a temp and a sore throat. Court takes her to the doctor. She has strep throat. Court will have to miss the party.

Rufus Walks Home
Rufus is running late after his English class. He knows that he has to hurry to get on the school bus. Rufus sees the bus drive away just as he gets outside. Since he missed the bus he needs to walk all the way home. Rufus swears he will never be late again.

Grounded for a Day
Frank got grounded for the day for being late. He decided to use that day to read his first book. He picked it up and didn't put it down for six hours. Now Frank loves to read and wants to be a writer. He looks at the day in the house as a blessing.

Father-Daughter Relationship
Daniel gave Julia a hug before she left. Julia's dad saw them and decided to walk out of the car. He moved Julia away from Daniel and threatened him. Julia said that they were friends. Her father didn't care and asked Daniel to stay away from her.

The Workout
John decided he needed to get in shape before summer. He bought himself some weights. He set up a schedule to workout every day. John made this commitment and took it seriously. He could definitely see a difference in his physique after two weeks!

Nadia Makes a Friend
Nadia was not having a very good day. She had lost her favorite ring and felt very sad. In an attempt to cheer up, she went for a walk in the park. While she was there, she met a jewelry designer named Kurt. They became friends, and he made her a ring just like her old one.

The Cavern
The cavern sat alone on the edge of a mountain. Joe had always seen it on his walks but was too afraid to visit it. One day it had a sign out front saying to come in. Joe took it as a sign and climbed inside. Once there he found it was filled with gold and he died a happy man.

The Proof is in the No Longer Extant Pudding
A boy built a house of cards. He managed to use the entire deck without it falling down. Triumphant, he got up to go tell his parents so they could see. As he stood, his footsteps shook the table, collapsing the cards. He told his family what he'd achieved, but no one would believe him.

Becky's Headaches
Becky has a headache that won't go away. She decides to go to the doctor's office. The doctor decides that Becky needs prescription pills. Becky gets her prescription pills. She now has control over her headaches.

Memory Space
Mike loved using his cell phone. He used it to take lots of pictures and videos. Mike's phone storage was always on low. On his birthday Mike's wife got him a 32G memory card. Mike was so excited to be able to use his phone with freedom.

Tom's Phone
Tom went to the store and bought a phone. He was very excited and began to run home. He ran too fast and dropped his phone. His phone screen had cracked. He picked the phone up and walked home sadly.

Abs
Ina wanted flatter abs. So she began to go to the gym every day. She did crunches at night too. Soon she noticed improvement. Ina kept with her program until she had washboard abs!

North Carolina Advances
North Carolina played Notre Dame Sunday night in basketball. Carolinna built a huge lead heading into the half. Notre Dame went on a 12-0 run in the second half and took the lead. Carolina went on a 12-0 run of their own. They seized the momentum and eventually beat Notre Dame 88-74.

The Lost Sailor
One day, a sailor left New York to go to London. Three hours after leaving, a storm arose suddenly. The sailor's boat nearly capsized as he fought the winds. Suddenly, the sailor had no clue where he was and drifted for days. The coast guard suddenly appeared and saved him and his boat.

Cute boy
I told my roommate that I didn't want to go to class today. She asked me if it was the class with the cute boy I liked. I realized it was and hurried to get ready. I barely made and accidentally sat down next to him. He asked me if I'd like to get lunch after class.

The Dollhouse
Kim wanted a Barbie dollhouse for Christmas. She put it on her list to Santa and hoped she would get one. On Christmas morning there was a large box under the tree. She opened the box and discovered a Barbie dollhouse. Kim played with her dollhouse the whole day.

Paris
Jon wanted to go to Paris but didn't have enough money. Jon decided to start a side business so he could get the money. He started a car detailing business and worked on Saturdays. At first, Jon didn't make much money but he slowly got better. Eventually, Jon had enough money to go to Paris!

Pat's Poem
Pat was very sad. Pat was looking for a way to become more happy. Pat went for a walk and saw a bird. He decided to write a poem about the bird. Writing the poem made him really happy!

The HIll
Amy was in track. It was the first week of practice. The coach had them run down on the street for practice. When they stopped they were at a steep hill. Amy huffed and panted the whole way, but she made it to the top.

Scary House
Rita and Katie heard a noise coming from an abandoned house. They approached the house to find the source of the noise. Only Rita was brave enough to go inside of the house. After a minute, she ran outside of the house quickly. It was a skunk making the noise!

The Missing Newspaper
John loved reading the newspaper every day. Every morning he went out to his doorstep to get the newspaper. One morning the newspaper was nowhere to be found. He looked around and noticed a cat holding something in its mouth. The cat noticed John and dropped the newspaper in a puddle.

Libby Needs Gas
Libby needs gas for her car. She decides to go get some before she heads to work. But Libby is distracted by her cell phone as she walks to the car. As she pulls into the gas station, she reaches for her wallet. But she forgot it at home, and has to go all the way back!

passport
Klea was going on a trip soon. She had forgotten to get her passport! She sent in extra money with her application. She'd paid more for the expedited service. Thankfully, Klea got her passport in time.

Rosa's Test
Rosa set a goal to get a good grade on her test. She studied every day and asked her teacher questions. On the day of the test, Rosa overslept and nearly missed school. She ran and managed to make it in time to take the test. In the end, she got a good grade and achieved her goal!

Floating Baby
Jenny pushed the stroller up the stairs while watching the apes. The stroller hit a bump in the stairs. The baby in the stroller proceeded to fall out of the bottom. The baby was passed seamlessly between 3 people. The baby settled in Chad's lap at the bottom of the stairs.

Indian Food.
My girlfriend was born in India. Her mom is an Anglo-Indian with very foreign mannerisms. I had never tasted curry until I came to visit two months ago. I have now had curry forced down my throat for 42 days. I really do love curry though, but I miss sushi.

The Zoo
Bobby loved going to the zoo. He was able to go this last Saturday. There he saw all his favorite animals. The monkeys were his absolute favorite. He spent the most time looking at them.

Kind Words
Chad was helping a customer get an item from the shelf. The customer was delighted with the service by Chad. The customer turned to Chad and thanked him for his service. Chad was happy he could help the customer get the item. However, Chad was more pleased by his kind words.

Kenya
Menzel's family was from Kenya. Mezil was born in America so he didn't know what Kenya was like. He vowed to go back to his homeland one day. When Menzel was retired, he decided to travel to Kenya. He loved his homeland so much that he stayed there until his death.

Pilates
Christa was a pilates teacher. She had a new student approach her. She asked if she could join the class. Christa said she could. The new student was pleased to be able to join.

rice thrower
Ann was excited to go to her aunt's wedding. She lined up with the rest of the guests. Her aunt passed by her after the ceremony. Ann smiled and threw rice at the bride and groom. She had a great time acting silly at the wedding!

Family Cruise
Susan wanted to go on a cruise for vacation. However her husband insisted on a family reunion. They debated what to do for vacation. They finally found the perfect compromise. Sixteen family members made the cruise with Susan and hubby.

Farmer
Alan had to leave his farm to help his aging parents in the city. He worried he would never get back home to the land he loved. After six years his parents were stable, and he finally returned home. His cornfields had all lain fallow for over half a decade. But the rest had made them fertile, and that year his corn grew tall!

Late
Lee begged her parents to let her stay up late. She was ten years old and felt like an adult, after all! Finally her parents agreed to let her stay up until midnight. Lee was proud and happy, feeling very adult. But by eleven o'clock, she had fallen fast asleep!

spinning
Eva signed up for a spinning class. She wanted to get in shape. At first she was nervous about spinning. But when she arrived, she sat that it looked quite fun. Eva ended up having a wonderful time at her class!

Ranger Rules
The inexperienced couple went out to the woods to camp. They were approached by the ranger as they were about to set up camp. The ranger told them the rules of the park and answered questions. The couple decided to leave their food bag in their car. The couple slept more at ease, having no food to attract bears.

Hard Time
Sam was hungry so he decided to make rice. He poured water and rice in a pot  and set it on the stove. Once it began to boil, Sam read the rice instructions again. Once he saw that it would take over 40 minutes, he turned it off. Sam picked up the phone and ordered a pizza instead.

Overfeeding
Our pet dog was weighed at the vet yesterday. It's five pounds overweight. The veterinarian said if he continues to gain it will be unhealthy. We don't want to risk any health problems. We put him on a healthy diet immediately.

Riding Confidence
Chad wanted a bicycle. He bought a bicycle at the drugstore. Chad forgot to learn how to ride the bike. Chad climbed on the seat. The bicycle fell on top of Chad.

Haircut
Jeff needed a haircut. He went to his barber shop. He decided to get it shaved. Now Jeff looks weird. His mom didn't recognize him.

Birmingham
The sign said Birmingham was only 30 miles away. The family had been struggling to hold their bladders for miles. They made it into town and found a gas station. They relieved themselves and filled up their tank. The family enjoyed seeing the local attractions in Birmingham.

A new pet
Sam was working in the garden. He saw something move in the grass and leaned in for a closer look. He saw a small, white snake holding still. He picked her up and took her inside. He got her a terrarium and has kept her as a pet ever since.

Lots of traffic
Kelly tried to go to work early yesterday. However to her dismay, she was stuck in traffic. The traffic lasted three hours. Thankfully when it ended she was able to get to work. The bad thing was that her boss was unhappy.

Turntable
I was biking home one day when I found a turntable. I took it home and tested it. I put it up on eBay. It sold for $20. I have looking for turntables ever since.

Apple Picking
Hailie's favorite fall activity was to go apple picking. Her mom drove her to the local orchard. Hailie picked some Macintosh first. Then she decided to pick some Gala apples. She filled her bag all the way up to the top.

Big Sis
Amy's sister Stella Heard her parents yelling at Amy. Amy told Stella they went to see boy's a the park. Stella was shocked, it was dangerous to go out that late. Amy knew as much, but didn't care. Amy knew she had impressed her big sis as Stella left smiling.

Try Again
Beth was in tack with her friend Amy. One day they had to run up a steep hill. Amy made it but Beth gave up halfway to the top. Her lungs burned and her chest hurt. After a break she decided to walk the hill instead of running.

Road Trip
Two young girls had a dream after high school to take a road trip. The week after they graduated it was time to go. The girls drove from Texas across the country to California. They made lots of memorable stops along the way in each state. Both girls hope this is something they will continue in the future.

Winter Storm
One fateful Christmas it was snowing more than usual. My dad turned on the news to hear about a blizzard in our area. Of course my family and I wasn't planning to leave the house. However, the blizzard actually caused severe damages. Caused roof problems, my car had to be towed and our fence was broken.

The Meteor Shower
Jennifer heard that a meteor shower was taking place that night. Once it got dark, she gathered up blankets and hot chocolate. Then Jennifer set herself up out in her yard. Jennifer sipped her hot chocolate and watched the meteors in the sky. Once she started to get sleepy, she headed inside and went to bed.

Staying up for Santa
Katy knew it was naughty, but one night she stayed up for Santa. To her surprise, she saw her parents eating Santa's cookies. It was just to test them, they explained, and put her in bed. When she woke up, Santa had brought presents and eaten his cookies! It had all happened just like Mommy and Daddy said!

Water Slide
Ryan climbed the long set of stairs to get to the water slide. He was excited to try it. But when he looked down he realized how high it really was. He took a deep breath, hopping in. It was even more fun than he expected.

I Got In
I worked hard in high school. My parents did not have a lot of money. I did not know if I would be able to go to college. I applied to many colleges. I was happy when I got a scholarship!

Bake Sale
Elle's chorus was having a bake sale to raise money for new robes. She spent all evening Friday baking cookies and brownies. On Saturday morning, she put them on the table with the other goodies. By noon all the baked goods were sold. The chorus had raised nearly half of what they needed in one day!

Brothers
Ron and Tim were brothers. They loved to do things together. One day, they decided to go fishing. They fished all day. They caught many fish, and had a great dinner that night.

Tutoring
Larry was not doing so well in calculus. So, he hired a tutor to get his grades up. He went to tutoring three times a week. He ended up getting an A- in the class. He's thankful that he got help for it.

Pop Rocks
Sally thought it would be funny to give her little sister pop rocks. She had never had them before. She knew she would be scared when they started popping in her mouth. She gave her some while their parents weren't paying attention. Her sister started was so scared she started to cry.

Helicopter Ride
My family and I took a helicopter ride in Hawaii. None of us had ever been in one before! The view was incredible from the helicopter. We even got to wear the headsets that the pilot gets to wear! I will never forget that experience in my life.

The Toy Store
Ann brought her daughter into a toy store. They were there to get a toy for someone's birthday. Her daughter wanted her own toy. So, she cried and cried for a toy. Ann was upset at her daughter's behavior and took her home.

Stories
I submit five sentence stories for research. Sometimes my stories are funny sometimes not. I wondered how to get a copy of my stories? I contacted the head research person of the study. I now know how to access the stories I've submitted.

Problem Solver
Gloria is the person I go to when I have problems. I made sure to see her privately when I had family issues last month. When I got to her office, she wasn't busy so we talked for an hour. After all was said and done, I didn't have clear solution. However, she had helped enough for me to be on track to finding one.

Where There Was Smoke
My girlfriend went into the kitchen to make an apple pie. Soon she had put the pie into the oven. I smelled smoke. I went into the kitchen and saw the smoke. Her apple pie had burned inside the oven!

Sexton Easter Pictures
The Sexton children take Easter pictures every year. Each time their mom tries to find a different and better location. Last year they took pictures on a railroad track. This year they are going to a beautiful dock on a lake. This has become a wonderful tradition for this family.

Fireworks
Lilly's family set out a blanket early for fireworks. They wanted to get a really good spot. When darkness fell the first spark flew. It exploded into the air. The fireworks display was even better than the year before.

Trip to the beach
Every summer the Smiths take a trip up to the cape cod beaches. They rent a house and stay for the summer. This time they headed to the ocean the second they arrived. The simply loved the refreshing water and the view. They couldn't wait to go back next year.

The Cafe
I went to the cafe last Saturday to get some work done. People kept walking by and tripping on my power cord. They looked at me oddly, as if I was a problem for them. As a solution, I used my laptop battery and unplugged from the wall. Now I can use any cafe which is available, and not worry about trips.

Record Label Hell
Jenny was a singer and she was really talented. A record label contacted her one day, and set up a meeting. At the meeting, she was told to sign her life away. Jenny got a bad feeling and didn't trust the label. She declined reluctantly, and followed her hunch that it wasn't right.

Sad Momma
I was excited to get my second ultrasound. My boyfriend was pumped and ready to see the baby. When the doctor looked for the heartbeat, he couldn't find it. He told us my baby had died and miscarried. I got a D&C the next day and had the baby removed.

Acrobat
Amanda was fascinated by acrobats. Amanda decided that she would take a acrobatic fitness class. Amanda researched on the internet for the class. Amanda found a class, and immediately signed up. After taking the first class, Amanda was addicted to acrobatics.

The Chemicals In The Box
Sandra noticed the medicines she sold didn't matter. She started replacing the concoctions with water. She put them in brightly colored boxes. Many people got better on their own by drinking her remedies. The ones who didn't, didn't complain.

Halloween
Halloween was a couple weeks ago. We bought tons of candy to pass out to trick-or-treaters. We put on our costumes and waited for hours to see the kids. Three hours later we finally gave up waiting. I took all the leftover candy to work.

Harry
There once was a boy named Harry. His father had a bad drug problem. It made him get very angry. Eventually he got himself clean. When he was clean he was nice.

Making a Sandwich
We were going to have a picnic today. The weather is nice and brisk. I was put in charge of making the sandwiches. I couldn't pick what kind to make. I still can't and the picnic would have been over hours ago.

Comic Book Convention
In 1977 my brother and I attended a comic book convention. It was held in New Britain, CT. We took a bus to get there. We bought a lot of comics and met some artists. We were happy coming home.

The Music Festival
Last summer Anna went to a music festival. She was excited to go because her favorite band was playing. The day of the festival, she waited in line to see the band. They came up and put on an awesome show. Anna was glad that she got to see them.

Church
Anna went to church and enjoyed the sermon. But then they began to pass the collection plate. Anna realized she had forgotten her money! She had to let the plate skip over her. Anna's cheeks burned with embarrassment.

Choosing lunch.
Riley and Adam were out shopping. They wanted to get something to eat, but didn't know what. Riley noticed a coupon for a burger place. She pointed it out to Adam. Together, they decided to go there for lunch.

College Admissions
Phil was a senior in high school. He was looking for colleges to go to. He spent an entire day filling out college applications. Weeks later he got his first letter back. He had been accepted into his top choice!

Home
Ben was ready to buy his first home. He applied for a credit check so he could get a mortgage. When the credit report came back, he was cautious. He didn't know his credit score, so he opened it nervously. But then Ben saw that his credit score - was excellent!

Football
We would go down to the park for football. We would pick teams and start playing. Sometimes it was really muddy out. We would leave the park tired and dirty. But the next week we'd go back for more.

Terry Nova
Terry Nova loved stars. He always wanted to be an astronaut. He was able to go into the planetarium at school. He decided to go into the space program after this visit. After college, he was accepted into NASA.

Sally
Sally was preparing to enter her first day of high school. Sally was nervous. Sally ended up meeting some really great friends at school. Sally began enjoying her new life in high school very much. Sally thrived in high school and had a great time.

The burnt tongue.
Sasha had just made some soup. She knew it was hot but she was so hungry. She decided to take a small bite. Sure enough, her tongue was burnt. She ran it under cold water to avoid the pain.

Crunches
Hannah wants to set the world record for crunches. She decided to start practicing. On the big day, Hannah did as many crunches as she could. Sadly, she could not set a new world record. Hannah has given up on her dream.

Relief
It was Sunday so the man had to walk to work. He hated having to leave so early in the morning. Also, he had to walk through a part of town which was not the best. He saw somebody off in the distance, walking towards him. It was a little old woman so he felt some relief.

Oil Change
Nick needed to get an oil change. He went to the store to have it done. He was too lazy to do it himself. While they did it for him he lounged around the store. Eventually he paid and drove back home with his new oil.

Golfing
I have starting to golf on the weekends. I am getting better and more confident. I decided to enter the local golf tournament. I was so nervous that I was not playing well. I decided not to enter any more tournaments.

Baby's first bath.
Jill's new baby needed a bath. Jill cleared out the sink. She put the baby in the sink. Using a sponge, she washed the baby. When she was done, she wrapped the baby in  a towel.

Too Hot
I poured the hot water from the kettle into my cup. My mom came out of her bed. She continued to walk towards the kitchen. She placed her hand on the kettle when I told her not to. She ended up burning her hand.

Nap Time
Gray was a little boy who hated to take naps. When his mom tried to put him down for a nap, he fought and fought. One day, Gray's mom told him to just lay down and go to sleep. Gray got a cup of milk, drank it, and went to sleep. From then on, Gray's mom let him fall asleep on his own.

Fox's Stealing Chickens
Gary lived on a farm and raised chickens. The baby chickens seemed to be disappearing overnight. Gary set up a video camera to watch the baby chickens. On the video, Gary saw foxes stealing the baby chickens. Gary built a stronger chicken coop to keep the foxes out.

Travel
Matt and his girlfriend went on a trip. They brought a lot of food so they wouldn't get hungry. On the way to their destination, the bag ripped. Matt was upset. They went to a store and bought more food.

The South
Growing up in the South has been an adventure. The traditions are some that most never get to experience. Football games and tailgating are just one example. The South is rich in history. However, the South is usually made fun of for many things too.

Secondhand Clothes
Marie's mom brought home a box of donated clothes. Marie was thrilled to find pretty dresses that were just her size. She put on one of the dresses to wear to school. Marie walked proudly into class wearing the donated dress. Another girl snickered and said that was her old dress.

Purroblem Solving
.Sarah suffered from anxiety Her therapist recommended she get a cat. Sarah looked up several likely shelters and visited them. Sarah adopted a cat. Sarah is much less anxious now.

The Rollercoaster
Shane had an intense fear of rollercoasters. One day, Shane's crush invited him to a theme park with friends. Shane agreed to attend but agonized over the roller coaster rides. In order to impress his crush, Shane rode the tallest roller coaster. Since that day, Shane has loved riding roller coasters!

Scary Spider
Carrie was at home watching a movie when she spotted a spider. Carrie immediately jumped up in fear and screamed. She could not take her eyes off the scary creature. Luckily her older brother heard her scream and he killed it. Carrie felt a sigh of relief and was thankful it was dead.

Stairs
Amy decided to take the stairs to her office at work. The first few floors were easy enough. By the 5th floor Amy was panting. Since it was only 6 floors she thought it would be easy. When Amy arrived at her desk she was panting and sweating.

A skiing accident.
Molly was invited on a trip with the church. They went up to a mountain to go skiing. Molly had never gone skiing before but she was able to learn. Unfortunately, she made a mistake and crashed. She ended up having to rest for the remainder of the trip.

An Accidental Jerk
I drove my elderly dad to have dinner with family at a restaurant. I parked in the handicapped space so dad wouldn't struggle. After dinner, we decided that dad would leave with my brother. That meant I had to drive away from the restaurant alone. I felt like a jerk, waltzing over to my car in a handicapped space!

The Storm
They heard the weather forecast about the storm and were nervous. everyone went down to the storm shelter. They made sure to bring a flashlight and a radio. The storm came and it was violent. Everyone emerged from the shelter ok after the storm had passed.

How My Friend Got Engaged
Dan is a friend of mine, perhaps the best I have. Two months ago, he decided he wanted to get engaged. Despite sharing everything with me, he didn't tell me this fact. Dan chose a ring on his own, without my help. He's now engaged, and I hope to be the best man!

Dead Car
The car wouldn't start again. Mama had a neighbor help with jumper cables, but it didn't work A tow truck was called to bring it to the shop. The mechanic said it just needed a new battery. The car was running like new again!

Gaza
Neil was volunteering in the Gaza Strip. He helped refugees find safety. he also helped children get clean water. It was very difficult sometimes. But Neil felt he grew from his experiences in Gaza.

Milk Carton Kid.
Louie was going to run away from home. Before he got to end of the street he turned around. He knew missing kids ended up on the back of milk cartons. He didn't have a new photo for his parents to use. He knew his friends would see the embarrassing photo and he went home.

Birthday
My wife made me a cake for my birthday. She only put one candle on it. I blew it out easily. Asked her why there weren't fifty candles. She said the cake wasn't big enough.

Flat Tire
Bill got a flat tire on the way home from work. He noticed he had a nail stuck in the tread. He put on his spare and took the tire to the tire shop. The mechanic was able to get the nail out of the tire for free. Bill did not have to buy a new tire and was very happy.

The Mturk Grind Forum
Bob started working on Mturk to get some money. He needed a good place to find helpful people and good HITs. Bob came across a forum called the MTG. He talked on this forum and was very happy to be involved. Bob eventually game a lead moderator of the MTG!

Flock of Birds
Ted went to the park one day with some stale bread. He sat down at a bench and began to throw the bread crumbs. A bird began to peck at the bread on ground. Suddenly, a large swarm of giant angry birds flew straight at Ted. Ted had to drop the bread and run away as fast he could.

Perfect Corned Beef
Sean was making corned beef for Saint Patrick's Day. He had never done it before. He wanted to get it just right. He followed a recipe very carefully. Luckily, the beef turned out just perfect.

Generic Cereal
Last week my parents went grocery shopping. The generic cereal was on sale. They couldn't pass up the good deal. It tasted terrible. We now realize why it was so cheap.

Opposite Choices
Roy is so meticulous that his books are in alphabetical order. His wife must put the cans in the pantry facing the same direction. I have often wondered what made Roy so particular about such things. Today I visited Roy's mom's house for the first time. Stuff was stacked everywhere and there was barely room to move.

Hello Tom
Dave was a recluse. He rarely left the house, usually only to get the mail. Last Friday he noticed Tom moved in next door. Dave thought he'd go introduce himself. Today Dave found himself knocking on Tom's door, smiling.

dentist
Jimmy had to get a root canal. He was very nervous and the appointment is in 30 minutes. He spend an hour waiting for the surgeon. When he was taken care of, he got anesthetized. He did not feel a thing and the procedure went smoothly.

Getting Groceries with My Dad
My father and I went to the grocery store. He took about an hour to get his shopping done. I finished before he did. I smoked a few cigarettes while I waited for him to finish. On the drive home I was irritated that I had had to wait.

Missing Whiskey
I went to go drink some of my whiskey. I realized that a little bit was missing from the bottle. I figured out that my son had taken some. I confronted him and he confessed. I grounded him for 3 months.

Matt Cleans His Ears
Matt notices that he has allowed ear wax to collect in his ears. He visits the local store to buy several cotton swabs. Over the next few hours Matt cleans wax from his ears. Finally he has removed all of the wax. Matt decides he will never let so much wax accumulate in his ears.

Frustration
Jake decided to go on a short run. He strapped on his shoes only to find out he needed new shoes. He went to the store to purchase new ones. The store was out of his size. Jake was incredibly upset and spent the day indoors.

Technically Speaking
A girl wanted a pony. She pestered her family endlessly for one. In the end, they caved and agreed to get her a pony for Christmas. When Christmas came, they presented her with a rocking horse. Her resentment and sense of betrayal festered for years.

Greedy Hands
George started to eat his cereal. He became mad as soon as he found out that it's all gone. While hungry, he tried to take his sister's cookie. She fought back and took it away from him. George cried afterwards.

The Second Choice
The movie Lucy went to Blockbuster to rent was out of stock. She was upset, but decided to get something else. Her grandma suggested a Funny Girl. As she read the box her grandma told her the plot of the movie. Lucy had never heard of it but decided to give it a shot.

Bird Watching
Mary found an old pair of binoculars at a lawn sale. She decided to go for a walk in the woods to watch birds. Mary spent most of that day bird watching. When she returned home she researched bird watching on the internet. That was several years ago and Mary is still an avid birdwatcher.

Notes
Rita was absent from school one day. The next day, her friend gave her his notes so she could catch up. She studied the notes carefully. The next time he was sick, she gave him her notes. They were glad to be able to help one another out.

Massage Trials
I was unsure of where to go with my career. So, I decided to go back to school for Massage Therapy. I got great grades in school, and excelled in my studies. Toward the end of my schooling, my school shutdown. I was devastated, but decided to do massage therapy on my own.

The Tigers
Ollie was obsessed with tigers. When he got to visit the zoo, he went right to the tiger enclosures. There were three orange tigers and a white one. Two were sleeping but the other two were active. They were playing with huge tractor tires.

Donald
Donald wanted to run for president He talked the idea over with his advisors They came up with a strategy and a formula They campaigned and gained much support Donald ended up winning the presidential election

Deceptive
My friend asked if I can go out with her. I said yes and decided to hang out with her. Surprisingly, her ex-boyfriend showed up. She tried to make him mad by saying that we're together. She simply wanted to see me because she wanted to make him jealous.

The best grade
Matt and Kelly attended the same geometry class. They were very competitive about their place in class. Matt studied very hard to get better grades than Elly. During their next test Matt knew all the answers. He got a higher score than Elly and was very proud.

New haircut
Kelly decided to get a new haircut. She made her hair real short. When she looked in the mirror it looked great. Unfortunately it grew back too soon. Kelly had to go back and get it done.

Crack
A hairline crack ran down the middle of the glass. Wren noticed it as she put her wine glass down. She went to the kitchen and got another glass. She poured what was left of her wine into it. Wren carefully through the cracked glass away in the trash.

Going to the Beach
Margot's mom decided the family should go to the beach. Margot loved the beach! The family packed up toys, foods and towels. They arrived at their favorite sandy beach. Margot grabbed her towel and ran towards the water.

The Sun Dress
Beverly had a pretty dress that shone like a diamond. One especially bright day she decided to go for a walk outside. While walking along the sidewalk, the sun's rays hit her dress. It blinded a driver, causing him to careen into a fire hydrant. Water burst from the hydrant, soaking Beverly and her pretty dress.

Jerry
Martha wanted Jerry to ask her on a date. Martha did not know how to get Jerry's attention. She thought about her problem all day long. Finally she decided to walk up to him and just ask. Martha and Jerry had a good time at the movies.

Ice Skating
Fred wanted to take Sally on a fun date. He decided to take them ice skating. Fred and Sally had a lot of fun! Fred asked Sally to be his girlfriend during the date. Since she had so much fun, Sally said yes.

Speedy
Tom was a fast man. He ran everywhere, including to the store. He ran down the aisle to get a drink. He turned quickly and started to run. He tripped and spilled the drink everywhere.

The Stain
Jerry had a important meeting in an hour. He rushed to the store to get some food first. He was eating his sandwich on the way to the meeting. He spilled mustard on his favorite tie! So, he took off his tie, and attended the meeting.

Hard Times
Amy need to get to work, but the bus drivers were striking. Amy was happy to hear some buses would still run. She was not happy to hear the services would be limited. She rode the bus to work unsure how she would get home. She was relieved when her boss offered to drive her home.

New Library
Steph was exploring her college campus. She saw an impressive library and decided to go inside. There were brand new books and computers. And it was so large that she got lost. Steph was excited to explore the rest of the buildings at her college.

Erin and the science experiment
Erin was in his biology class and had to do a science experiment. Erin got into a group with his friends. Erin's friends didn't take the class seriously and fooled around. Erin was forced to do the whole experiment on his own. He passed, but his friends all failed the class.

Brad Learns Spanish
Brad wanted to learn Spanish. He decided to take a Spanish class. He practiced the language diligently every day. By the end of the class, he was speaking Spanish fluently. Brad was proud that he accomplished his goal.

Going Under
Reggie had pain in his mouth and had to get his wisdom teeth removed. Reggie went to the dentist and saw another patient exiting in pain. He didn't want to appear sad, and determined to be upbeat afterwards. He was put under for the first time having no idea what to expect. He bounded out of the bed talking wildly, ripping his mouth stitches.

Investigative reporting
There was a murder on fifth street. Alicia couldn't wait to get the scoop. She got her pen and pad out and was ready. She started writing the article. When she was done it was published.

Wresting
I have been training for my next wrestling match. I have been lifting a lot of weights to get stronger. I have gained a lot of muscle. Now I have to move up to a higher weight class. I am glad I lifted weights and I can be in a different weight class.

The scary toy.
Sara's toddler was playing on the floor. She had just bought him a wind-up toy. She wound it up and put it next to her son. As it moved, the boy freaked out. For some reason, the toy scared him.

Jim Forms A Band
Jim went to a garage sale. He found a drum set that he really liked. He practiced the drums for hours when he got home. He eventually got so good that he formed a band. Jim toured everywhere with his band.

Forgotten nuggets.
Julia was hungry one night. She put some chicken nuggets in the oven. Then, she went back to her couch to wait. Somehow, she fell asleep. She woke up to the smell of burnt nuggets.

Too Overboard
My friends were playing on the playground. A group of kids older than us started to walk closer to us. They tried fighting us since they wanted the playground for themselves. We tried to run away and they ended up throwing rocks. A huge rock landed on my leg and I received a bruise.

Breaking the bank.
Shawn wanted a bike to ride to school. He often complained to his mom that he wanted the bike. She said when he earned the money, he could have the bike. He saved up his money in a piggy bank. When it was full, Shawn broke the piggy bank and bought a bike.

Raking the yard
My yard was covered in leaves. I put on my boots and went outside. I went to the shed and grabbed a rake. I raked the leaves on my yard. I put the leaves in bags and went inside.

Lost at Sea
Kim's boyfriend was in the navy. He was out once and never returned. Kim tried to get information on what happened. Nobody ever found out. She eventually moved on.

Aquarium
Mark was 8 and really wanted a pet. He begged his mom for a dog but she agreed to get him a fish. Mark washed out a bowl and got a book on fish care at the library. Unfortunately the pet store was all out of fish! Mark's mother got him a hamster instead and he was just as happy!

The Coat
The coat was old and smelly but he loved it. He could wash it more often but it would get smelly again. He worked at a smelly place so he couldn't help it. In fact, he sort of liked the smell. The smell was like memories to him.

Glasses
Nic's classmates teased him about his thick glasses. Nic hated the mocking. He decided to go to the eye doctor and get contacts. He wore them to school, and everyone gaped. Now that his thick glasses were gone, no one picked on Nic!

One Hour
John asked his kids to give him one hour. Just one hour is all John needed to finish his football game. The kids were impatient to go to the zoo. After the game, John drove his kids to the zoo. The kids thought the zoo was not so great at the end of the day.

Fancy Dinner
Bert saved up to have a fancy dinner with his partner. It took Bert almost a month, due to his meager earnings. Bert and his partner decided to go to a nice steakhouse. It was alright, but Bert felt that it was overpriced. Bert resolved to get better value for money in the future.

The Big Snake
One summer, I decided to take my children swimming in the creek. We loaded up the car and headed for the water. While they were swimming, the boys saw a big snake in the water. I tried to scare it away by throwing a rock, but it didn't work. We left the creek because we were afraid.

Poker Chips
Kim's mother bought her a poker set for Christmas. But she didn't really know how to play. The instructions didn't make much sense. So they made up their own rules for the game. They played with the set for hours.

Meetups
A man was working long hours in his job. He desired more social interaction outside of work. He went out of his way to put himself out there and meet new people. He attended local in person meetups for his hobbies. He met many like minded people and made new friends.

The sleepover
Madelynn wanted to go to her friends house for a sleepover. Her mother said she could go and be with her friends. She went to her friends house and they were glad she was there. All of the girls put on makeup and played dress up all day and night. Madelynn had a lot of fun and wanted to go back again.

Playing the Drums
Andrew has always wanted to learn how to play the drums. He bought a set today to motivate him to learn how to play. He struggled at first and decided to sign up for lessons. He took lessons for a year and practiced in his spare time. A year later he is now a great drummer in a band.

Summer Camp
Matt loved summer camp. He went every single year and had a great time. Eventually he got too old to go to summer camp. He was sad because he would miss it. He was able to become a camp counselor and continue going forever.

The Gummy Worms
One saturday, John was playing outside when his dad pulled up. John was excited to see his dad. He was even more excited when he saw him hold up a bag of gummy worms. John sat down on the porch to eat his gummy worms. He even shared a few with his dad!

Ride Along
My kids like to ride on trains. We went to San Francisco to ride a few. We visited many famous places by train. We tried to ride every single route. In three days, we accomplished our goal.

Learning to Ride
Marnie decided to help her young son Frank learn to ride a bike. She bought him a bike with training wheels. After a few days of riding, Marnie kept raising the wheels a little. Frank didn't realize the wheels kept getting higher. Frank was riding without training wheels altogether in only 8 days.

Going jogging
I was getting out of shape. I went to see a doctor. The doctor told me to go for a jog more often. Every day, I jogged as long as I could. After a few weeks, I started to feel much better.

The first car.
Casey was about to turn sixteen. He was pretty sure that his parents were giving him a car. He was expecting them to give him the old family car. On his birthday, he saw that it was a brand new, nice car. He was so surprised and excited.

Tired
It was late at night and Jim was getting tired. He had a long and frustrating day at work. He had to work tomorrow but did not want to go to bed. He wanted to some enjoyment today, even if only for a little while. So, he sat down on the couch and picked up his favorite book.

Puppy Dog
Some dog kept me awake till I could not take it anymore. Fed up, I finally got up and looked outside for it. The dog turned out to be a scruffy, skinny, little pup. I went into the kitchen and got the pup some food. I gave the puppy the food and I went back to bed, both of us happy.

Slippery Walk
Ted was walking on an icy sidewalk. He was wearing the wrong kind of shoes. He would slip and try to catch himself on the ice. It took him 50 minutes to walk 50 feet. Ted never leaves home without his snow boots now.

Mistake
My friend reminded me about the assignment that's due tomorrow. I didn't do any homework today and decided to get some rest. On the next day, I started the assignment. When I finished, I tried to turn it in online. The notice says that the submission deadline was yesterday, not today.

Amazon Return
I bought a backup drive for my wife's iPhone, using Amazon. We did not like it and returned it via a UPS call tag. We were told the package was considered missing. I complained to Amazon, which promptly refunded me. I thanked Amazon for their great customer service.

Art contest.
Gabrielle was an artist. She had been working on a big painting. Her friend suggested that she enter it into a contest. Gabrielle decided to give it a try. She ended up winning the contest!

Late
Gina had been late getting to the principal's office. In return he had kept her waiting for 30 minutes. She apologized for her selfishness. But it didn't matter. Gina was given 4 days of lunch detention for her actions.

Bob Sees a UFO
One night, Bob went out on a drive in the country to think about life. Suddenly, he saw three bright lights fly through the sky. He was not sure what the lights were, and drove home quickly. As he got home and turned on the TV, the news was on. The reporter said a meteor shower had occurred, so he was let down.

Laundry Day
Kira has to go to the laundromat with her dad to do laundry. She brings along her favorite stuffed animal to play with. She helps her dad load the washing machine. Her stuffed animal goes missing! Kira cries when they can't find her stuffed animal!

Exercise
Sue decided she needed to get in shape before the summer. She began running every morning. She also began eating better. Sue started seeing a difference. She was ready to sport her bikini body.

X-rated
An X-rated picture was showing in Marie's town. She and her friends imagined the movie's racy scenes. They decided to lie about their age to get tickets. The bored ticket seller didn't even bother to check. Minutes after the movie started, the girls ran out in disgust.

Fantasizing
Amy and Beth were ready to start the 7th grade. They were over the summer and ready for school to start. They decided since they were adults to get their ears pierced. Amy's mother forbade it. Amy was so upset she didn't speak to her mom for a week.

soy milk
Eva poured herself a bowl of cereal. She went to get milk. They were out of regular milk! Only soy milk was left. Eva tried it and liked it.

The Missed Call
Larry was trying to get a job. He went out with friends to the bar. He got too drunk. He lost track of his phone. He missed a call with the job offer.

Yellow Car
I wanted to get a new car. I went to the car dealer. The cars were too expensive. The dealer decided to give me a discount on a yellow car. I took up the offer and finally had a new car!

Lemonade
Kay wanted to hold a lemonade sale. She made a stand, but she wasn't sure how to make lemonade. She squeezed lemons and stirred in sugar. Then, hopefully, she opened the stand for business. Within one hour she had sold every drop of her tasty lemonade!

Trashy Tale
Dan set his trash on the curb to be picked up. The wind blew his can into the middle of the street. A pregnant woman with a child in the back seat swerved to miss it. She crashed into an electric pole and died. Dan was charged with involuntary manslaughter for his negligence.

News Dreams
Natasha wanted become a news anchor. She would study the local news and practice daily. Natasha went to college to pursue her dreams. When she graduated she applied for a job at her hometown news station. Natasha was thrilled when she landed her dream job.

Big Smile
Sandy has been wearing braces for Years. Today, Sandy went to the dentist for an appointment. The dentist told Sandy that she would get her braces off next month. Sandy could not wait to see how her teeth looked. Sandy was excited to have her smile back, without her braces.

Friends
Jimmy and Jay are friends. Usually when they hang out, they just go to stores. They first went to the mall. Then they went to get some food. They had a fun time.

Sandwich
Ted loved sandwiches. He tried every sandwich shop in the city. He found one place he had never tried before. He loved their sandwiches. He began frequenting his new favorite sandwich shop.

Spending the Gift Card
I got a hundred dollar gift card for my birthday. I took it to target to spend it. I found a nice set of headphones. I bought the headphones with the gift card. I bought the headphones home and they were excellent.

Anticlimax
Joe was twelve when he decided to run away from home. He told his parents he was angry with them and would be leaving. Joe went to bed that night thinking this would make them feel sorry. When he awoke the next morning, Joe found his bags packed by the door. His mom attached a note saying she'd see him when he gets back.

Shopping
I went to the store with twenty dollars. I put a lot of items in my cart. When I got to the register, I realized I couldn't afford everything. I had to put a few items back. I was sad to leave the store without all my items.

Work for Rewards
I needed $20 and decided to ask my mom. She agreed to give it to me as long as I did some type of work. I took out the lawnmower from the closest. Since the lawn needed to be cut down, I decided to cut the grass. At the end of the day, my mom gave me the money.

Zoo
Maya decided to go to the beach. It started raining just as she was about to go out. She wondered if she should stay in. She decided to go. The rain stopped by the time she arrived.

Bad seats
Yesterday I saw west side story. I paid a lot of money to get the tickets on Broadway. However to my dismay my seat was horrible. There was a rip and I could hardly see. Thankfully they gave me a refund.

Maya the Writer
Maya wrote a book. She tried to get it published but no one wanted to publish it. She let her friend read and edit the book. She sent the new version to publishers. The publishers loved the new version.

Air Traffic Controller
My grandpa was an air traffic controller before he retired. Today he told me it is a great job and that I should do it. He said the salary was great and you get a lot of time off. Plus you are forced to retire at an early age and with full benefits. He sold me on it and I just applied to become one.

The mall
Amy went to the Mall of America. She parked her car and went shopping. When it was time to go home she went to the parking garage. Amy couldn't find  her car. She walked around for an hour before she found her car.

A little rest
John felt unusually tired. He went to the doctor for diagnosis. The doctor was advised he take a break from work. John decided to relax at home for the week. He was soon back to his vibrant self.

Main Disaster
My husband and I went on a sabbatical and left our things in our home. When we returned, we decided to move to a different location. We didn't realize when we were gone that the water main had broken. We came back to pack our stuff and my husband had to use the bathroom. It was not a fun way to find out the water had been shut off.

1st Cruise
Cora always wanted to take a cruise. Her tax refund check came in the mail. Cora began to search the internet for cruise discounts. She found a great deal for a Caribbean cruise. Three weeks later Cora was finally enjoying the ocean breeze!

Posters
Isabel loved decorating her room with posters. But her little brother was constantly tearing them down. They would get ripped or wadded up, and often completely ruined. Isabel finally got desperate and went to a craft store. Her brother wouldn't be able to rip a poster super glued to the wall!

Rap Music
My son was trying to get me interested in rap music. He played a couple of songs in the car. I listened intently to both songs. I turned off the stereo. It was quiet for a long time.

Rita visits her grandparents.
Rita called her grandparents. She asked them to go to dinner with her. They decided to go to a sushi restaurant. Rita and her grandparents ate every bite of the sushi! They were very full after finishing dinner.

Jumping Dog
Jen loved to study for a big test sitting on her bed with her book. Jen has to stop and pick up her dog to put her on the bed. The dog is too little to jump that high by herself and she cries. So Jen finds a footstool that the dog can use to jump up on the bed. Now the dog can jump up and down using the foot stool.

Doing laundry
Jen had several loads of laundry to do. She put a load of dark clothes in the washing machine. She started the washer and went to do some other chores. Halfway through the cycle the washer started leaking. Jen had to stop the washer and clean up the mess.

Summer is here
Amy loved summer but hated summer events. A friend at work invited her to a party in the park. She agreed to go but really wasn't looking forward to it. They day of the party she dressed and went to the park. Amy stayed just long enough to make an appearance and hurried home.

Nervous jitters
Kevin was nervous to go on a date with Rita. He took extra time to get ready. Finally he went out the door. Luckily when he saw Rita, his nerves calmed. They ended up having a great time.

Boot camp
I dropped out of college and decided to join the Marine Corps. I got a medical checkup and was then ready to go to boot camp. Boot camp was hard and the drill instructors yelled at us constantly. The experience challenged me both mentally and physically. At the end of boot camp I was proud to have become a Marine.

Salad
Briana wanted to make a healthy salad. She decided to go to the local farmer's market to buy her vegetables. After purchasing her produce, she went home. She prepared her salad and sat at the table to give it a taste. Briana was very satisfied with how her salad tasted.

the pack of gum
Maggie went to the store with her dad. She wanted some gum. Maggie tried to get her dad attention. She could not get her dad to eat her. Maggie went and took the gum and walked out the store.

The Roller Skating Accident
Jamie and Sarah loved to roller skate. They did not know each other or that they shared an interest. Both decided to go rollerskating around the block at the same time. To their surprise, they both crashed as they rounded the same corner. Both quick to apologize, became great friends from that incident.

Left In Charge
Opal was in a bad mood. Her parents had left her in charge while they went to dinner. She had to take care of her baby brother, James. Luckily, James behaved for the couple hours that they were gone. Opal had underestimated her brother.

Amsterdam trip
Lulu wanted to take her friends on vacation with her to Amsterdam. She wanted to show them where she grew up. As the girls arrived in the city they were in awe. They thought it was great where she grew up. By the end of the trip they couldn't wait to go back.

The lost cell phone.
Andrea was on a walk with her friend. It was nighttime and they were outside. She asked her friend to hold her phone and tossed it to her. Later, when she asked for it back, her friend didn't have it. Andrea had accidentally dropped the phone on the ground.

Hide and Seek
Tom and Kim were playing hide and seek. But Tom was getting tired of seeking. So he decided to go inside and watch TV. Kim got tired of hiding and saw Tom watching TV inside. Kim was angry that he gave up.

Braces
Michael couldn't afford braces as a child. As an adult he decided to get some. It was awkward and strange. But the difference was worth it. Now he enjoys smiling more often.

Ray's Sauce
Ray wanted to order Chinese food. He drove and picked up his food. He put the bag in his lap and started to drive home. When he got home he noticed he couldn't get up! The sauce had leaked out and made him stuck!

Runny nose
Alicia was having a runny nose. She has to go throw ten tissues every minute. Her mother took her to the doctor. The doctor gave her some medicine. The medicine helped.

George Gets Sick
George was feeling a bit sick. He called in sick from work. George could not even get out of his bed. His cat kept him company while he laid in bed. George was able to get over his sickness after a few days.

Return The NyQuil
Gina's mom didn't want the NyQuil Gina bought. Gina had to return to the store Gina was embarrassed and didn't know if they would return it. She gave the person the receipt and the NyQuil. She was relieved when they refunded her the money for the NyQuil.

Piano lessons
Rene wanted to take piano lessons. Although she was fifty, she still wanted to learn. She ended up impressing everyone. When Rene was done with the lessons she had a recital. She got a standing ovation.

Theater
Cedric would always entertain the ladies at the movie theater. Every now then he would get caught by a female. The theater would allow the bickering from time to time. The last time the outburst got out of hand. Cedric is banned from all movie theaters.

Lou's Blocked Number
Lou was checking out a new number blocking feature on his phone. Unfortunately, the number he blocked was somehow permanently blocked. No matter what he did, he couldn't get the number to be unblocked. He eventually had to call the company to remedy the situation. He was embarrassed, having to tell his neighbor why she couldn't call.

The Refund
Kay was shopping and forgot to use her coupons. This was the 2nd time she had forgotten and decided to get a refund. She waited 10 minutes at the service desk. The cashier took her coupons and gave her $4 in return. She decided she would always get her refund if she forgot her coupons.

Barry and his talent
As a kid, Barry could run very fast. Barry took his talents to a football field. Barry was later known as a professional best. Barry continued running and setting records. Still to this day, Barry is known as being better than all the rest.

Sugar
Lacy has a sweet tooth. She loves everything with sugar. She decided to take a walk to the candy shop. While there she bought five pounds of candy. Lacy now has a cavity.

Doggy
Ken wanted a puppy, but his mom said they couldn't afford it. Ken was dejected, but he understood. Then one day an old neighbor offered to give Ken his collie dog! Ken was thrilled to accept! He named his dog Lassie, and they quickly became best friends.

Asthma
Bernard has terrible asthma. One day he decided to go for a run. Half way through the run he realized he did not have his inhaler. He felt an asthma attack coming on. Bernard turned around to go back to his house for his inhaler.

Windy
Aya was going to the shore with friends. Her mom urged her to take a jacket. Aya didn't think she needed one, but she took one anyway. At the shore, it grew windy and chilly. Aya was glad she'd listened to her mom after all!

Baseball Game
Chad wanted to go watch his favorite team play baseball. He ordered some tickets online. Chad rode his bike to the ballpark. He met some of his favorite players after the game. Chad left the ballpark with a huge smile!

Budget
My wife and I decided we needed to set up a budget. We sat down with our bills and came up with a plan. It worked like a charm for 3 days. Suddenly we realized we hadn't put gas or food into our budget. Our budget went out the window and we started over again.

Ballroom Dancing
Dan wanted to learn how to ballroom dance. Dan looked in the yellow pages for a qualified instructor. Dan scheduled an appointment with the instructor to visit the studio. After visiting, Dan decided that he would join the studio. Dan was excited that he was going to learn how to ballroom dance.

How Could I Have Gained Weight
Lisa had been watching her diet for a few weeks. She waited to get on the scale hoping for a big number loss. Her little brother stood behind her as she stepped on the scale. Somehow she had gained 6 pounds! Then she realized her brother had his foot on the edge of the scale.

The Vacation
Dallas loved to travel. One day he decided to take a vacation to Florida. He swam in the ocean and laid in the sand on the beach. He went deep sea fishing and parasailing. Dallas felt very well rested when he returned from his vacation.

Charlene Goes Skydiving
Charlene had always loved trying new things. One day she and some friends decided to go skydiving. While she was scared, she felt excited as she boarded the plane. Skydiving was one of the best experiences she ever had. Charlene was happy that she tried it.

The bear
Isom went outside to play. He decided to go for a walk in the woods. He heard a loud noise. When he turned he seen a black bear running away. He ran home to get his gun.

Boring Day
Gina was home alone and bored. She decided to walk to the park. There was no one at the park. She turned to leave. And came face to face with a big, loose dog.

Sleepy Train
Marge was excited to take her first train tour. As the train took off, Marge saw trees splendid in autumn colors. Moments later, Marge nodded off, lulled by the train's movement. When she awoke, the passengers were disembarking. She heard them remark about all the beautiful sights they'd seen.

Amber went to prom
Amber was excited for her upcoming high school prom However she did not have a boy to go with, she was sad She knew a boy named Robert who also had nobody to go with She was shy, but approached Robert anyway about going Robert said yes, and they had a merry time

Chromium
Jed followed the instructions to compile Chromium OS. He did everything Google's developer page said to. When Jed tried to run the QEMU image, it wouldn't work. Jed spent days on it, getting angrier and angrier. Finally he gave up, and learned to love Windows.

Dinner time
We walked to the burger place for dinner. I ordered a veggie burger. My partner ordered a beef burger. Then we split an order of fries. When we were done we walked home.

Surprise Promotion
Sarah's boss called her into his office one morning. She was so nervous to go in. Her boss started to talk about all of the great work Sarah had done. Sarah was getting a promotion and raise! She was so surprised and excited.

The Fever
Yesterday I had a very high temperature. I went to the doctor and he said I had a fever. I was told to stay home and rest. I slept all day after the doctor. I am starting to feel better now that I am rested.

Bags
Jim loved to go shopping. However, he used to many plastic bags. It was bad for the environment. Jim had a plan. He would now bring reusable bags whenever he shopped.

Offer To Walk
Gina wanted potato chips. There were none in her grandma's house. Gina offered to walk to the store. But her grandmother was afraid she would get lost. Gina needed to wait for her grandpa to return home to go to the store.

Rich Family
Pam asked Drew if she can hang out with him. When drew said yes, she invited him to her house. When drew looked inside, he saw luxurious items on the table. A butler appeared and asked if they wanted anything. Pam told him no and took Drew to her 2 acre backyard.

The test for a trip.
Andrea wanted to go on the school trip. In order to go, she had to pass a history test. She took the test that morning. While she waited for the results, she was so anxious. Finally, the results were posted and saw that she had passed.

Disco Night
My friends are totally into the retro scene. Last weekend they wanted to go to Disco night at the bar. We all dressed up in our best disco clothes and headed out. It was a lot of fun with funny dancing and outfits. We're planning on going again next week.

Hill Roll
Jeff saw the bottom of the hill from the top. He decided to run down the hill. He started off running but he tripped. His whole body was rolling. When he landed, he was dizzy.

Tattoo hell
A friend went to get a tattoo. The tattoo artist had a cold, but was wearing gloves. While he was giving the tat, he sneezed loudly and harshly. Soon I realized he had scribbled on my friend, because of the sneeze! My friend was so livid, he demanded the tattoo be free.

Hawaii
The Turners were flying home from Hawaii. Angela revealed that she taken a chunk of lava rock. She wasn't supposed to take rocks, but did anyway. Her seatmate told her keeping the rock would cause bad luck. Angela gave the rock to a stewardess to return.

Running Away
Diana forgot to bring her cell phone with her. As a result, she tried to use a public telephone. A person was walking on the opposite side of the street. He was swaying back and forth without any emotion. Diana was scared and she tried to run away from him.

Lazy Landlords
My landlord is so lazy. I asked to get my carpets cleaned 3 yrs ago and it's still dirty. I asked to get a ceiling fan put in and never got a response. I recently called about my kitchen light bulbs going out. I washed dishes in the dark for three weeks before I got a response.

NYSE
I wanted to make more money. I decided to try my hand at the NYSE. I put thousands of dollars into my account and set up a portfolio. Alas, the portfolio did terrible in the fiscal quarter. I lost almost all of my money!

The Competition
Michael liked to lift weights. He went to the gym every single day. He decided that he was in great shape. Michael entered a Fit Man Competition and trained for many weeks. He lost in the finals but decided that he would do it again.

Perfect Tie
Eden wanted to get her father a new tie. Sunday was his birthday. She went to the store with her mother. She found a tie with little terriers on it. It would be the perfect birthday gift.

Misfit
Sasha was not a good girl. Her mom always told her she was a misfit. She wished she was able to go to the island of misfit toys. But soon realized that the place was make-believe. Sasha's dreams were crushed and wishes there was a place for her.

New movie
Kelly couldn't wait to see the new Star Wars movie. She and her friends got advance tickets. When they got them they got great seats. The girls ended loving the movie. When it was over they wanted to see it again.

groceries
Anna's cupboards were bare. She decided to go shopping. She went to the store and bought lots of food. Then she took it home and put it away. Anna's cupboards weren't bare any more!

Missing Homework
Jill knew she left her math homework on the table. However, when she went to put it in her backpack it wasn't there. She looked all over for it. Then she saw her black Lab Izzy with some papers in her mouth. It was Jill's math homework.

Balloon Party
John and Mary wanted to have a balloon party. They asked their mom to take them to the store. At the store, their mom bought a bunch of balloons. They blew up all the balloons in one room of their house. They played among the balloons and had a great time!

Rainy Run
Doug and Janice were eager to run together. They started off from their home running east. The approaching storm however forced them on their way home. Both of them ran to avoid the storm. They made it back just before the rainy started falling.

New Bike
Amy and her friend went riding when Amy got a new bike. They rode for hours without paying attention to the time. It was dusk before they realized it was time to go home. They were farther than they thought they had ridden. Amy's wasn't able to ride for a week as punishment for being late.

Horse
Bob always wanted to ride horses. He went on a trip to a rural area. He visited a small farm. He asked if he could ride one of the horses. The farmer gave him permission.

Cooking pizza
Tonight I asked the kids what they wanted for dinner. Both kids asked for pizza. They had fun helping me assemble the pizza and put it in the oven. We all ate together while watching Jeopardy. After dinner they told me pizza night is their favorite.

The SAT
Alex registered to take the SAT at his school. He spent a few weeks studying very hard for the test. On the morning of the test, Alex drove to his school with his things. He went to the test room, then later finished the test and went home. Later on, Alex checked his scores and saw that he had done very badly.

hitchhiker
Ed had no car. He wanted to go home for spring break. He decided he had to hitchhike. He stuck his thumb out and a nice truck driver picked him up. He drove Ed most of the way to his hometown.

Crazy ex
After I dumped my ex girl friend she began to get crazy. She started stalking me and getting nosy about my business. I even caught her once following me in her car. I told her to stop following and harassing me. She still follows and harass me every now and again.

Excess
Al grew vegetables in his backyard as a hobby. He had more carrots than he could possibly eat. Al set up a farm stand to sell off his extra food. Many people came by to buy his carrots. Al made a lot of money when all his carrots were gone.

Too Sick
Janine woke up sick on the morning of her baby sister's birthday. She was very worried about missing the birthday party. Her mother had Janine drink tea and take Tylenol for her fever. Janine also took a lot of naps. When the party guests began to arrive, Janine was feeling better!

Vietnam
My dad fought in the war in Vietnam. He developed PTSD because of the war. For many years, he would get scared from loud noises. I decided to take him to therapy. After many years, he overcame his PTSD!

Vacation
Mark always has wanted to go to Disneyland. He saves up his money for a whole year. He books his tickets and plans his trip. Mark goes on all the  rides and meets all the characters. He has the best trip ever.

Lynn
Lynn met a boy she liked one day at the store. They agreed to go out for dinner. She became very nervous the day before her date. The day of her date came and things went well for the most part. Lynn found out her date still lived with his parents and she cried.

Ungrateful
I decided to give my mom $800 dollars in order to shop for Christmas. She was extremely thankful and hugged me. During the next month, she can out of money. She asked me if she can have $100 dollars. I was frustrated and walked away.

i failed
I was given a small task to do at work. I tried very hard to do it. I could not get the outcome right. Finally, I gave up. I failed to do my task at work.

Aches
Sarah had a pain in her shoulder. She asked her friends what to do. They told her to visit a massage therapist. She looked on the Internet and found one that was highly rated. The therapist massaged her pain away and Sarah was happy.

the Adele Concert
Dominic loved Adele's music. He was thrilled to get tickets to her concert. At the show, someone gave him a ticket to sit in the second row. The show was magnificent. He will remember that night forever.

Reward
John found a wallet on the street with $180 in it. The owner's contact information was inside. He called him to tell him where he could get his wallet. The man was so happy he gave John a reward. He gave him half the money that was in the wallet!

Live Bait
Bonnie begged her dad to take her fishing with him. When they got there, she started to put the line into the water. Her dad laughed, saying she had to put a worm on it first. There was no way she was touching a worm! Fortunately her did baited her hook for her.

Broken
It was time for breakfast. Alex tried to get his Spiderman bowl of the shelf. He stumbled and the bowl fell to the ground. The bowl shattered into a bunch of little pieces. Alex cried because his favorite bowl was broken.

Fit
Nia was slim, but not in shape. She decided to get fit. She began running every day. She also went to the gym to lift weights. In a few months she had become muscular and shapely!

The Haunting
Brent and his friends were at lunch laughing and joking. They began to argue. His friends challenged Brent to go through a haunted house. Despite his fears, he went through a whole haunted house. The next day he was able to poke fun at his friends for not.

remodel
Kella was remodeling her kitchen. Then, mid-job, her contractor quit. Kella put a frantic ad online. Another contractor answered and said he could finish the job. He did a great job and Kella was very pleased!

The Random Vacation
Some friends and I were drinking at the bar. The DD jokingly says, "lets go to California." We end up driving to California. We hung out at the beach for 2 hours. Then we drove back to Arizona.

Parade
Ann went to the parade with her son. They watched the floats pass by. Then marchers came by, playing drums. Some of them even threw candy! Ann and her son really loved the parade.

Tonsils
Alissa's throat had been hurting. She went to the doctor and found out she had to get her tonsils out. Alissa went in for surgery and got her tonsils out. After surgery, she was off from work and could only eat ice cream. Alissa went back to work a week later feeling better.

The free backpack.
Marion needed to get school supplies for her son. She couldn't afford much, though. She heard about a free backpack giveaway. She brought her son and he got a backpack. Inside were all of the supplies he needed.

Unthankful
Jim allowed Hannah to stay in his house since she lost her house. In the morning, he brought some soup for her. After she took a sip, she threw the bowl on the ground. She also demanded that he cooks something else for her. After that, he decided to kick her out of the house.

The Shark Attack
Jason was at the beach with his friends. The lifeguard yelled for everyone to get out of the water. They did not know what was going on. When the ambulance arrived, they found out it was a shark attack. While they felt sad for the person they were glad that it was not them

Concert Woes
Trish and Bob went on a date. They decided to go to a local classical music concert. Trish likes Chopin while Bob prefers Mozart. The concert played music by Mussorgsky. Trish and Bob both ended up disliking the concert.

Stinky Feet
I once had a boyfriend who's feet stunk so bad they made gag. He wouldn't change his socks for days. The socks would get crusty from dirt. The night he stayed the night I made him wash his feet. It still stunk.

Freeway
Alex swayed back and forth on top of the bridge. He'd run away from home weeks ago. Life on his own turned out to be a lot tougher than he'd expected. He jumped off the bridge on to the freeway below. He managed to kill himself and cause an irritating traffic jam.

Monkey See Monkey Do
Meghan and Mikey were climbing trees. A branch broke and Meghan fell out of the tree! Mikey helped her get home to her parents. Her parents rushed her to the doctor and found out her leg was broken. Meghan got a cast on her leg and felt better!

At the Movies
Simon wanted to see Zootopia. His mother said she would take him if he cleaned his room. Simon spent the afternoon making his room spotless. His mom took him to an early evening show. Simon enjoyed the movie.

Deer
Kim likes to go deer hunting. She and her dad usually go together. However, she had not killed her first deer yet. On their outing today, Kim spotted a deer. She aimed her gun, and killed her first one!

Haircut
Last week I decided to get a new haircut. It turned out to look terrible. Everyone made fun of me for it. The teasing was relentless. I decided to just shave my head instead.

The table
Joanna's parents were out of town. She decided to throw a party. Many people showed up and they played drinking games on the table. The table got broken. Joanna was grounded for 6 months.

bike fever
Tina wanted to ride motorcycles. She didn't have enough money to buy her own, though. She met a man at a bar that owned one. She started dated the man. He let her ride the bike any time she wanted.

Ice Skating
Kelly wanted to go ice skating. She had never tried it. But she could rollerblade, so she thought it would be easy. But Kelly had been wrong! She fell five times in her first hour of ice skating!

Marathon
My friend asked me to run a marathon with him. We signed up on the local website. We spent the next two months training vigorously. Finally, marathon day was upon us. My friend and I finished in 100th & 101st places out of 3,000 people!

New Shoes
Jane needed new shoes. She had broken the heel off her favorite pair. She finally decided to go to the store to buy a pair. She found some cute black ones. Jane bought them and went home.

Fake excuse
I went to jail one day for old tickets. I felt I needed to get out of there. So, I faked an illness and said I need medical attention. They called the ambulance to come and get me. After I left the hospital, I went home.

First Day of Winter
On a cold day, the sky filled with thick, gray clouds. The wind blew hard, and the birds and small animals sought shelter. The snow began to fall as the sun reached its height. The snow fell thick and fast, and soon it lay deep on the ground. Winter had come at last.

Samantha Passes Economics
Samantha was really motivated to do well on her economics test. She needed to get a B on her final to pass. The first thing she did was get a tutor to help her study. Samantha studied in the library for hours. Samantha was able to pull off an A on her final.

Lazy Day
Carl's alarm clock went off at 6 AM. Carl has a lot of things he need to get done today. Carl hits the snooze bar on the clock. The alarm goes off again. Carl adds "get a new alarm clock" to the list of things to do today.

Train Ride
Barry was taking his first train ride. He wanted to see how fast it could get him to work. Barry left 20 minutes early to catch the train. However, the train did not reach on time. Barry decided that he would not take the train to work again.

Tutoring Help
Sam needed to get extra help for his psychology class. His teacher recommended that he go see a tutor. He went to the library and got paired with a tutor. The tutor explained all the concepts to him in a easy way. Sam was able to pass the class with flying colors with the extra help.

True New Yorker
Miguel was dead set on experiencing New York as a true native. He took the buses and subways. He walked up and down the streets of Manhattan. On his last day, he felt like something was missing. He hurried to a cart and ordered a hotdog in triumph.

Stop Asking
Gina's mom promised they would go home in 3 days. But 4 days had passed. She asked her mother again. Her mother yelled at her for asking. She was tired of being asked when they were leaving.

Chinese Food
There was this amazing Chinese place by my house. They served the best sweet and sour chicken I've ever had. The best part was that they were open until late at night. Unfortunately, they closed down a few months ago. I guess I'll have to find a new Chinese place.

Mad man Mario
Mario was always an angry man. His anger was something he could not control. Mario once decided to get into a bar fight. He was struck with a bottle and died. Mario's anger seemed to fall into a hole.

cake topper
Trish had spent all day decorating the cake. The intricate pieces wobbled as she carried it to the car. They stayed in place all the way to the party. As she walked through the party room she tripped. Trish was now the life size cake topper.

High
The plane trip was so scary. As we went up I felt my heart pumping heard. As the ride went on it felt smoother. I ended up falling asleep. When the ride was over I woke up.

The teddy bear party.
Margo was at her grandma's house. One day her grandma offered to take her to a teddy bear picnic. Margo went to the picnic with her favorite teddy bear. They gave out prizes and food for the kids and their bears. Margo had a great time.

Ireland
John always wanted to go to Ireland. One day he went to the airport to catch a flight. The prices were much more than he could pay for. As he walked back to his car dejected, an Irish person gave him money. John went to Ireland and never came back.

Cookies
Ella wanted to give each of her teachers a holiday gift. But she had eight teachers and couldn't afford eight gifts! Then her sister helped her find a solution. Together they cooked up dozens of cookies to give out. Ella's teachers were so happy with her delicious gifts!

Lobster
Mark had lived in Maine for his whole life. But the one thing he wanted to do was catch a live lobster. He talked to some guys at the local fish market. One guy said he would take him out the next weekend. They went out and used traps and caught a lobster!

Iran
Nellie went to visit family in Iran. At first she liked the country. But then she observed a vehement anti-American demonstration. The marchers even burned the American flag! Nellie decided she couldn't wait to return home.

Island Vacation
Fred always wanted to visit a tropical island. He decided to save his money for a trip. It took him six months, but he saved enough. He took his wife to Bermuda. Fred had the time of his life.

The Climb
I used to go free-hand rock climbing. Lots of people warned me that it was risky. I ignored them and wound up falling some nineteen feet. I was very bruised, but I was also happy to be alive. I haven't climbed since and think of that fall as a lesson learned.

Pat
Pat was dating Maria and wanted to take her to prom. But he couldn't afford a tux or a limo. He decided to deliver sports for a few months to save money. He managed to save enough for a great tux and limo. On prom night, Pat and Maria were the fanciest couple there!

Mosquito Bite
Tara had a very itchy mosquito bite on her leg. It was so itchy, she scratched it until it bled. She then put some cream on it to relieve the itch, but it burned. Because she had scratched it so badly, the cream did nothing to help. Now she puts on cream immediately so it doesn't happen again.

Math Test
Sam was nervous for his math test. He studied hard the previous day. He was sure to get plenty of sleep. He ate breakfast the following morning. The test turned out to be a breeze.

Mudslide
California was having really bad weather. The news told every residence to stay in their homes. Not everyone listened, and then a mudslide came down the street. It took 10 people for a ride down the road for a mile. The next day, there was mud all over California.

Trey
Trey wanted to get out of the ghetto where he lived. He studied hard and got great grades in school. When he graduated, he was the valedictorian. Trey went to college, got a great job, and never came back. Trey moved his mom where he loved and he was happy.

The Swimming Pool
Gary decided to go swimming in the pool. He opted to go without his parents. He was not a very good swimmer. He began to drown. He died because his parents weren't there to save him.

Big lines
Alain was very hungry at work. He had two hours left. When his time came to leave he went to pollo tropical. There was a very big line. Alain decided to go home hungry.

Tammy's Dilemma
Tammy's parents were coming over at 8. She didn't get off work until 6:30. She still needed to go to the grocery store to buy food to prepare. She decided to order take out. Her parents didn't mind and they had a good time.

Crazy Birthday
Kim was turning 21. She wanted to go to a casino with her friends. They had blast drinking a ton and playing slot games. She woke up in the bath tub. She realized she had too much to drink the night before.

Insured
Lela was involved in an insurance swindle worth millions. She'd been at it for Years with her accomplices. Lela was certain she'd never get caught. She had underestimated the tenacity of the IRS. They totally caught her, convicted her, and put her in prison.

Grocery Store
Linda needed some flour and milk. She went to the local grocery store to get them. When she walked in, she saw a girl from work that she doesn't like. The girl yelled at her from across the store, but Linda ignored her. She hurriedly got her groceries and left.

The Long Haul
A train conductor was coming up to an intersection with a road. A school bus was on the tracks and he couldn't stop in time. He blew the train whistle to get the driver's attention. The bus driver heard and began to move his bus. The driver wasn't fast enough and the last 1/3 of his bus was smashed.

Joe Goes to the Zoo
Joe had the day off from work on Saturday. He and his wife thought of activities to do. They decided to visit the local zoo. Joe really enjoyed the elephant exhibit. He purchased a souvenir elephant decoration.

The Ice
The sidewalk from Tom's house was slippery. Tom has to walk down that sidewalk. From his door to his friends house was slick ice. He carefully and slowly walked with each step cautious. Tom made it to his friends house safely.

Rich and Poor
Renee headed out on a home visit for one of her poorest cases. She went to the home of a child who lived with grandparents. Renee looked at the humble house with hodgepodge furnishings. The grandparents hugged their child and thanked Renee for coming. They apologized for wasting her time because they had all they needed.

Costume
Suzie tried to squeeze into her Halloween costume. She'd worn it last year and it fit perfectly then. Suzie started to cry when she couldn't get it to fit now. Her mother got out her sewing machine and made changes to it. Suzie hugged her mom and went out trick-or-treating in her costume.

Unending Sadness
Reggie had a very hard time in the military. He had been put on many different medications but nothing worked. He couldn't stand it anymore and decided to do something about it. He took over the lethal limit of a drug called Zyprexa. He didn't remember anything for three days and woke up in the hospital.

The great bird
Don drove to a park to take photos of birds. He set up his camera and began to look for birds. After hours of waiting, Don began to get frustrated. Suddenly, a very rare species of bird arrived at the park. Don snapped pictures of it happily and then went home.

The Switch
Amy wanted a new dorm room. She needed to get away from her dorm mate Sue. She visited the resident adviser and explained her need to move. She was told there may be an opening and she could move. Amy was ecstatic to be moving away from Sue.

Awful snowstorm
Kelly was trying to drive home from work. While driving she got stuck in the snowstorm. Her car started swerving and lost control. Kelly got scared. Her car stopped and she had to call for help.

Child Loss
My husband Called me, telling me our child was very sick. When I got to Theresa she was on a stretcher, unconscious. As soon as she was put in the ambulance they started CPR. We arrived at the hospital within 10 minutes and the doctor took over. I then received the news, my 16 year old daughter had died.

Meatball Sub
I wanted to make myself a delicious meatball sub. I got out the meatballs and began to cook them with the sauce. After that was done, I put the meatballs in the bread. Next, I topped the sandwich with provolone cheese. Lastly, I enjoyed my sandwich.

Business trip
Georgia was on a business trip to New Jersey. She was taking a training course and spent time networking. She met a few colleagues who invited her to drive into New York. That night, they all drove into the city and ate dinner. After the trip, Georgia continued to stay friends with the group.

White Van Scam
Luis was approached at a gas station. He was offered some speakers at a really good price. They told him they had extras they needed to get rid of. He turned down their offer. He had heard of such scams online before.

Don't go
Martha wanted to have a fun day. She can't have fun without her husband. She invited him to go to the park together. She remembered something soon after. He had to go to work.

Coffee Burns Ouch!
Martina went to get coffee for breakfast. She ordered the largest coffee at the diner. She took a sip and felt her mouth on fire! She burned her tongue. She had to drink cold water to treat the pain.

No Money No Fun
I went to babysit my nephew in San Francisco. My sister forgot to leave me with any spending money. I managed to get through the week without killing him or me. I went to a bar to celebrate my relative success. That's when I found out my husband had overdrawn your account.

Garbage Day Dash
Jeff had forgotten that it was garbage pickup day. He was surprised when the garbage truck came rolling down his street. Jeff hurried to collect all of the trash in his house. He quickly rolled the garbage bin to the curb. Jeff was just in time for his garbage to be collected.

Diet
Tim decided to go on a diet. He planned out all his meals. He ate only the right foods. Then his friends asked him out for pizza. Tim blew his diet.

Job
Emma really wanted an after school job to earn money. Her dad said she couldn't get one unless her grades improved. Emma devoted a lot of time to studying hard. Soon she was earning As in all her classes! Emma was finally allowed to get a job and earn spending money!

Sally and Tiny
Sally moved to a new school and didn't have any friends. During lunch, Sally couldn't find a place to sit. Tina saw Sally, and invited her to sit at her table. Sally and Tina ate lunch together, and became friends. Sally invited her new friend over to play after school.

Ice cream drop
Kelly decided to get some chocolate ice cream. She put it in a cone. Yet while she was walking, she dropped it. A large scoop fell onto the floor. She then proceeded to pick it up.

Alone
Gina was in the bathroom all alone. She had wanted to find a place she could be alone to cry. And now the other people had left the bathroom. But now that she was alone, she had no tears left to cry. When she felt better, she left the stall.

Selene
Selene was a happy girl with two parents. During a storm, both parents were killed in a car accident. Selene had to go and stay with her grandparents in Wyoming. She was very sad and lonely the first year. Selene eventually grew to love her grandparents and make many friends.

Too Fast
Jenny was holding the bat. She told Jeff to throw the ball as fast as he can. Therefore, Jeff tried to make a fast pitch. However, Jenny missed the throw and ended up hitting Max. He fell unconscious.

Oil Change
Dylan's car is long overdue for an oil change. He decides to take it to the auto shop to get it changed. Unfortunately, his car breaks down just outside of the shop. Dylan walks home as his car is towed away. Dylan later got a new car and never forgot an oil change again!

peck
Ana was at the petting zoo. She decided to feed the chickens there. She put some feed in her hand. Then she stretched her palm out towards the chickens. But to her dismay, they pecked her hand!

Unexpected Surprise
I went to the hospital to run a few blood tests. The worker at the front desk called me into the office. After giving a blood sample, I walked into the waiting room. The doctor came in and talked about the results. I found out that my hemoglobin was low.

Leaves
Billy was raking leaves one afternoon. He made a big pile of leaves. Billy decided jump in his leave pile. When he went inside, his mom noticed he was covered in ticks. She told him to not play in leaves anymore.

Suva
Neil wanted to take a trip of the paradisiacal island of Fiji. He flew into the capital city of Suva. But he had not realized it was the rainy season! It rained the whole week he was in Suva. Neil did not enjoy his trip at all!

Wash
Ana hated doing laundry. She put it off as long as she could. When all her clothes were dirty, she went to the laundromat. She sat there for hours doing the wash. Ana was relieved when she finally finished.

An Important Badge
The Jones family goes to Disney World every few Year's. Mom seemed very intent on getting everyone to go this year. Once they arrived, she immediately rushed to Guest Services. She proudly walked back to her family wearing an I'm Expecting pin. Everyone cheered in surprise over their great start to their vacation.

Delivery Man
One night, Jane heard a knock on her door. When Jane asked who was there, a man said he was delivering pizza. Jane told him to go away because she hadn't ordered pizza. Jane's brother ran up and told her he had ordered pizza! Jane and her brother were very relieved to receive their pizza.

The New TV
One day Maria bought a TV. It was a big TV that she put in her living room. The next morning she woke up with a shock. The TV was gone. Maria noticed an open window and realized that her TV was stolen.

The Sleepy Girl
She couldn't get to sleep last night. The baby woke up early. Her eyes are open, but her mind is very dreary. All she wants is a good night's rest. Tonight might be the night she sleeps.

Damian's Dog
Damian's new dog kept messing on the carpet. He was worried that the landlord would get angry about the damage. Damian bought a dog crate to help potty train the dog. He locked her in it when he wasn't around to prevent accidents. After a month, Damian was able to effectively potty train his dog.

Phones and Washing Machines Don't Mix
Jake decided to put in a load of laundry after work. He forgot this cellphone was still in the back pocket of his jeans. A few minutes after the load started, he remembered his phone. Jake was too late when he ran downstairs to the washing machine. The water had already filled and ruined his phone.

Sue's Salon
Sue was great at doing hair. She styled her friend's hair on a regular basis. Sue decided to go get her cosmetology license. She graduated and quickly opened up her own salon. Sue now owns the biggest salon in her state.

Bar and Grill
There was this great bar and grill down the street from my work. My coworkers and I would go there on Fridays after our shifts. We would just hang out and talk about work. I was informed today that the bar and grill was shut down. I guess we'll have to find a new place to go from now on.

Dwayne Tries Kindness
Dwayne and his neighbor had been feuding for Years. It really tested Dwayne's patience and they quarreled often. One day, Dwayne decided to approach the old man with kindness. He prepared a lunch for two and brought it over as a surprise. The old man was touched and a new friendship was born.

The Puppy
George was shopping with his mom for Christmas. He saw an adorable puppy in the pet store window. He begged his mom to get the puppy, but she didn't want a dog. Christmas finally came and George started to open presents. He heard a bark from a box and was ecstatic to find it was the puppy.

John Makes a Friend
John had gotten a new job. He was a shy person and didn't know how to approach his coworkers. One day, he worked up the courage to ask a coworker to lunch. His coworker agreed. John and his coworker soon became friends.

Riding a Bike
Sam was going to ride a bike for the first time. He was a bit afraid. When he first tried he fell over. He hurt his knee pretty badly. It made him give up trying.

Frozen Yogurt
Ellen and her mom want to go out for frozen yogurt. They arrive at the store and there are so many choices of yogurt. They are allowed to try some and they choose the best ones. After filling up a cup of yogurt, they then have a choice of toppings. When they go to pay for the yogurt, they have to weigh the cups.

The food dye mess.
Cassie was making a cake. She couldn't get the food dye to come out. She was squeezing the tube really hard. Suddenly, dye spurted out of the tube. Red dye went everywhere and she had to clean it up.

frozen
Ana was preparing to drive to work one morning. But her car would not start! She called a mechanic to come help her. He came and inspected her vehicle. Then he informed her that her gas tank was frozen!

Don't Lie to the Boss
Oscar did not want to go to work. He wanted to go to a hockey game with his buddies. So Oscar called in sick at work. Oscar was having so much fun at the game he did not see his boss. The next day the boss called him into his office and scolded Oscar.

Glitter
Terry put glitter on all of her crafts. She was always finding glitter on her clothes and skin. She took a long shower to get it all off for a date. Terry got dressed up and met her date. Her date told her that she had some glitter on her face.

The Surprise
My two sisters and I heard our Dad come in from work. We all ran in to greet him and get a hug. That day Dad was carrying a cardboard box in the door. He said he had a surprise for us all. We were so excited when we saw the new tiny puppy he has for us.

The New Book
I heard that my library had a certain new book that I wanted to read. I went to the library to get the book. I could not find the new book on the shelves. Then the librarian found that the book had just been returned. I was happy that I was able to get the book I wanted!

Laura Gets Braces
Laura has had pain while chewing food for months. She decides to visit her dentist to discuss it. Her dentist tells her that she needs to get braces. At first Laura isn't happy because she doesn't like how braces look. However, when the pain goes away, she is glad for the braces.

Loss of Job
Derrick lost his job because he was late too many times. He was very worried about how he would pay bills. He files for unemployment but didn't get paid very much. Derrick was unable to pay his rent so he got evicted. He moved in with his mom so that he could get his life on track.

Softball
I always hoped for the opportunity to win a game for my team. You don't always get to make the most of situations. But when the bases were loaded I made sure to make the most of it. I hit a triple to right that cleared the bases and put us in the lead. It was a huge win for us and a huge moment for myself.

Last Minute Easter
Twas the night before Easter. Norma still needed to put some baskets together for her children. The store was out of everything she needed besides the basic candy. She ended up decorating paper bags with handmade paper bunnies. Her children loved her homemade Easter decorations on Easter morning.

Lifeguarding class
Ricki arrived at the lifeguarding class and she was older than others. The instructor was her age and the rest were teenagers. She was the only one that offered to try new things and go first. The rest of the class was quiet and wouldn't share or participate Ricki learned a lot and did well at her class each time.

Isabella's Halloween Party
Isabella wanted to throw the best Halloween party. She decorated invitations to send out to all her friends. After all her friends got the invite, she decorated for the party. When all the friends arrived they played spooky games. All of the Isabella's friends thanked her for the best party.

At The Door
Gina has missed Jamie on the playground. Now it was time to go inside. When she entered she saw him standing by the stairs. She stared at him, hoping to make eye contact. But instead of catching his eye, he looked right past her.

Growing up without a Father
My Mother always told me I never had a Father. It didn't take me long to realize I wasn't immaculately conceived! I begged my Mother to allow me to meet my Father. She arranged the meeting when I was 5 Year's old. I knew who he was immediately, I did not need an introduction.

Keep It Simple
Laura's boyfriend proposed to her in January. They were aiming to get married by March but had limited funds. They decided to cut cost by having a small wedding. They only invited their closest family and kept things simple. Their wedding day ended up being amazing and within budget.

The Spider
Leah's mother told her not to go into the basement closet. Disobeying her mother, she opened the closet door anyway. A spider scurried out! Leah screamed and ran upstairs. Leah never went into that closet again.

Trip to Six Flags
Pete and his friends were happy to go to six flags for the first time. They were excited to go on the coasters, The first coaster they went on was superman. Pete was scared but still had a great time. At the end of the day he was happy.

Harassment
A few days ago, I had been walking to the park. When I arrived, I saw some strange men running quickly towards me. I tried to walk away from them but they started threatening me. When I left, I spoke to the police about them. The police spoke to the men and made them leave.

Drive through
Jessica was working at a McDonald's drive through. One of the people that drove through dropped their food on the ground. Jessica apologized and offered to get them new food. The people just drove away. Jessica had to clean the food off the ground.

Worst date
Kim decided to give Ron a try for a date. He arrived an hour late, and was dressed poorly. Kim reluctantly went anyway, as she was already dressed and ready. To her chagrin, he took her to McDonalds and offered the dollar menu. She was so upset, she immediately made him take her home.

Bob's Campout
Bob went camping with his friends. Bob and his friends set up their tents. They set up the fire pit. They gather logs and kindling for a fire. They sat there roasting marshmallows all night.

Store Hours
Kay needed to run to a local store to make a purchase. It was 4.30 and she was sure they would be closing soon. She arrived at 4:46 pm and ran to the door. She was shocked to see the door was locked. Kay was dismayed  to see the store closed at 4:45 pm.

Sophia's Party
Sophia was looking to her birthday in two days. Her friends from work and school invited her to a party. She couldn't go to both parties. Sophia decided to throw her own party. She invited everyone from school and work.

Popped Tube
Jamie and her family went to the lake to go tubing. After loading the boat into the water, the family began to take off. When they were ready, Jamie climbed onto the tube behind the boat. After the boat sped up, the tube suddenly popped. Jamie's family turned around and retrieved her from the water.

First Plane Ride
Mandy was taking her first plane ride today. She walked into the Delta plane with amazement. Mandy took a seat in first class and relaxed in the comfortable seat. The flight attendant offered her an array of food and drink options. Mandy was very pleased and felt she could get used to this.

Cancelling Service
Chris realizes that he rarely watches cable TV anymore. He calls his cable company to cancel his cable service. The cable representative tries to get him to keep his subscription. Cris politely declines all the representative's offers and incentive. Cris is now saving money from cutting the cable.

hanging frame
Ivan was hanging a photo on his wall. He couldn't get it straight. Finally he drew a line with his level. Then he hung the picture with the line as a guide. Ivan was happy that he'd finally got it straight!

Roller coaster Fright
Bob wanted to go on the new ride at the amusement park. He wait in line for the ride. When he finally got on his legs started to tremble. The ride spun him left and right. Afterwards, Bob felt sick to his stomach and had to puke. B.

College
Sue was a freshman in college. She loved to go out with her friends. She also ended up skipping class. Sue's grades were started to fall. Sue failed her freshman year.

Trip to St Bart's
Jill wanted the girls to get together in st Bart's for vacation. She invited Ramona, Bethenny and Kelly. The trip went well at first as everyone was getting along. However Kelly started a fight with Bethenny and it threw the trip off. By the end of the trip everyone was fighting.

Pickles
I hated pickles. One day, the local cafe put pickles in my burger. I demanded they give me a new burger. The cafe refused. I decided to never return to the cafe.

Chris' Trip
Chris wanted to go on a trip to Spain. He put aside money each paycheck in savings. Chris contacted a travel agent once he could afford it. Finally, the tickets arrived in the mail. Chris enjoyed his vacation very much!

Cereal Prize
Joey begged his mom to buy cereal with a prize inside. He stuck his hand in the box to get the prize out. Joey's mom said she'd get another box when the first was empty. The next day, she found an empty box in the cupboard. In the trash, she found the cereal.

The Haunted House
When I was a kid, I lived by a spooky home. The kids in my neighborhood joked that it was haunted. One day, we got the idea to try to get inside of it. We snuck out one night and tried to get in. Our parents caught us and called my phone, so I went home.

Broken Canine
Hunter, a one year old dog loves to catch things in his mouth. One day his human family took him to the river. His male owner threw a rock at the water. However, Hunter grabbed in his mouth and it broke his canine tooth. Hunter had a surgery to remove the broken tooth and he recovered fast.

Backstage
Ann was ecstatic to find she won special concert tickets. She learned she was going to go backstage after. She was so excited since it was her favorite singer. Ann finally got to meet the singer and he was very rude. Ann was disappointed since she would never think he was like that.

Broken phone
I was doing a long run yesterday with my iPhone. As I was running my phone slipped out of my pocket. As it slipped it fell straight to the ground. I was shocked when I looked at the cracks. I sighed relief when I realized it can be fixed.

New Computer
Jason's laptop had just crashed. He wanted to get a new laptop. Jason searched online and found the perfect one for him. He placed his order. Jason received his new laptop in the mail 3 days later.

Start of Small
Billy posted several videos online before sleeping. When he woke up, he had a personal message in his inbox. The owner of a record label wanted to give him a deal as an artist. He became extremely excited to meet up with the person. He offered Billy a multi-million deal.

Long Distance
Ally's boyfriend found out he had to move across the country for work. Ally was sad because she couldn't leave her job to follow him. However they decided they were going to stay together. A year later Ally got a job offer from where her boyfriend lived. She broke the news to him that she was going to be moving.

Fix The Leak
A handyman was called to fix a leak in the ceiling. He took out his ladder to get a better look at the situation. He saw that there was a big hole on the roof that caused it. The handyman put some chalk on the hole to stop it. After 10 minutes of no water he believed it to work.

The Swarm
There's a lonely place on an island called Swamp Taro. Swamp Taro is swarming with bees. Sandy thought she could visit for photographs. Unfortunately, she got stung many times. Never did she return.

Swimming Lessons
Kim was afraid of swimming. She couldn't go underwater without holding her nose. Kim decided to take swimming lessons to conquer her fear. It took several weeks, but she finally grew confident. Kim loved conquering her fear.

Radio Winner
I won tickets to the Chicago Bear's game this weekend off the radio. Soon after I won I realized that I had to work this weekend. I was pretty upset but I put the tickets up online for sale. Within minutes I sold them for one hundred dollars each. I was a little happier because that was pure a profit for me.

Flowers
Betty was a college freshman. She walked to class every day. She enjoyed the walk very much. One day she saw some new flowers. She stopped to smell the wonderful flowers.

Pop Rocks
Eddie's brother dared him to put pop rock and soda in his mouth. He said they would explode. But he offered Eddie $1 to do it. Eddie was a bit nervous but he wanted the money. The pop rocks fizzed but Eddie survived!

Hector Irons His Shirt
Hector prepares to go to work. He notices that his shirt is very wrinkled. Hector decides to iron out the wrinkles in his shirt. After working very hard the shirt looks great. Now Hector is ready to go to work.

Candy
Little Jimmy wanted some candy. His mom was worried Jimmy would get cavities. Jimmy started crying. His mom thankfully found some sugar free candies. Jimmy felt satisfied and thanked his mom.

Throw Something
Gina wanted the new boy to see her angry face. But he wouldn't look her way. She wanted her friend Tami to throw an eraser at him. That way he would turn and see her. But Tami refused because she didn't want to get in trouble.

Bay
Bay and his dad were going on a trip together. But they couldn't agree on a place to go. Finally they decided on a trip they'd both enjoy. They planned out a long camping trip in the woods! The two had a wonderful time on their trip.

Last Year
Last year this time, we went to NYC to visit our granddaughter. There was a lot of snow in our city that year. Traffic was so bad we missed our train and took a later one. Our city got another storm while we were in NYC. We got back on Sunday and had a hard time getting home.

fireworks
Ed had gotten fireworks from his older brother. He went into the woods to set some off. But he accidentally blew off the tip of his thumb! Screaming, he ran for help. Ed vowed never to touch fireworks again.

New guitar
Kelly really wanted to take guitar lessons. She was quite nervous about it actually. She thought she would be terrible. As a gift however her parents got her a guitar. She was very thankful.

Cross Country
Alicia, Chris, and Morgan were avid bike riders. One day Chris suggested doing a long ride across the country. Everybody was on board and they started planning. Three months later the group set off from New York. They rode their bikes all the way to California and back in a year!

Homecoming
Jackie could not wait to see her family. She had been away at college for a whole semester. She was going home as soon as her last exam was over. When she got home, everyone was waiting. It was the best welcome.

Getting Cable
Sally was having cable installed that morning. She cleaned up the house so that the technician could work easier. When the technician arrived, she told him where to put the box. The man installed it and showed her how to use the remote. Once he left, she explored her new tv.

Airport
I was headed out of town for Thanksgiving. Knowing it would be busy, I left early to get to the airport. Traffic was at a standstill. I became anxious at the thought of missing my flight. Thankfully, my plane was delayed and I made it on time.

Taking Care Of Mom
Charles didn't want to put his mother into a nursing home. But she was ninety years old. Charles went to visit her in the nursing home. She said they didn't take good care of her and that he hated her. Charles took his mother home and hired hospice care for her.

Moving Day
Last week I had to help a friend move furniture. It was a long and tedious job. He gave us beer and pizza as a reward. I would have preferred money. Helping friends move is terrible and I don't want to do it again.

Lost Dog
Jane lost her dog. She looked everywhere. She was going to put up flyers. Right when she started her dog popped up. Jane was glad and excited.

Speckled Treasure
Jenny's uncle invited her to gather eggs on the farm. Jenny was delighted to find some speckled green hen eggs. She put a pretty speckled egg in her pocket for her box of treasures. Later, Jenny showed the box of treasures to her friend. The egg broke as the friend held it up, spilling out a stinky mess.

Saying Goodbye
Gina's dad was putting his oldest son Jay out of the house. Jay was going to go to live with his grandma in Illinois. His father drove the boy out of town. Gina felt bad he had to leave. But she felt safer without him around.

a job well detangled.
Taylor grumbled incessantly as she attempts to untangle the computer w. She had been at this job for 30 minutes. She had to resort to unplugging everything to get the wires untangled. She sighed with relief as she plugged in the last cable. She was happy with the way it looked now.

New Frontier
A frontiersman went West to explore and document the wilderness. He came across a tribe of indians that were friendly. They showed him all the local sights and gave him food. He was excited to try buffalo for the first time. The food was so good he traded his provisions for more.

Rebecca Visits the Dentist
Rebecca has always feared going to the dentist's office. She has avoided the dentist for over two Year's. Finally she decides to go to the dentist's office. She has her teeth cleaned thoroughly. She decides that the dentist wasn't as bad as she feared.

The Best Gift
Karen's grandmother gave her two gifts for Christmas. One was a videogame that she really liked. The other was twenty dollars to give to another person or charity. Karen thought very hard about what to do with the money. She donated it to a group that bought books for poor children.

The ER trip.
June was a new mother. One day, her baby seemed particularly warm. She was afraid and decided to take him to the ER. They checked the baby out just to be safe. Luckily, June was just over worrying and the baby was fine.

Northern Ireland
Neil had been traveling through Ireland. Then a friend told him he had to visit Northern Ireland. Neil hadn't even known it was a separate country! He went there and learned all about its rich history. He was so glad he had discovered such a wonderful country!

Cutting Class
Cole is a senior in high school. The senior class was having the annual day to cut class. Cole knew that his math teacher was going to give a test on that day. Cole could not afford to miss the math test. Cole decided that he was not going to take part in the annual cut day.

Injured Dog
Sam found an injured dog by the road. He took it in. He took the dog to the veterinarian when it didn't get better. The vet said there was nothing he could do. Sam had to put the dog down.

Task
Jimmy hated chores. The trash can was full and the trash truck was coming tomorrow. Jimmy decided he didn't want to take the trash out. The trash can broke down from all the trash. Jimmy now had to go to the store to buy a new trash can.

Flat Head
Tim was trying to put together a bicycle in his garage. He needed to install some screws with a hex head. Tim looked through his tool box for the screwdriver. Alas, all Tim had was a flat head screwdriver. He tried to install it with his fingers but ultimately failed.

Shopping Dilemma
Karen invited Tara to go shopping with her. Although Tara loved to go shopping, she didn't have any money. Embarrassed, Tara told Karen that she couldn't go because she was busy. On the way to the mall, Karen saw Tara playing the park with her dog. Karen vowed to never ask Tara to the go shopping ever again.

The Dinner
Dana was having dinner with friends. When it came time to pay her card was declined. She asked them to try it again but it wouldn't go through. It was a bit embarrassing. A friend offered to pay and everything turned out okay.

Good Catch
Mia was on a tight budget but agreed to go antiquing with her friends. The antique store was crowded with items, leaving little room to move. Mia knelt down to look in a bargain bin and banged into a cabinet. A glass vase with a price tag of $1000 teetered from the shelf. Mia thanked her guardian angels as she caught it in the knick of time.

New Pillows
Bill is trying to get to sleep. But Bill's pillows are killing his neck. They are old and flat. Bill is so frustrated he goes to the store and buys pillows at 2 AM. Bill comes home with his new pillows and has a restful sleep.

Marathon Training
I've always wanted to run a marathon. I can only run a few miles though before I'm tired. I hired a personal trainer to help train me. We've been training for four months and making good progress. I have a little further to go before I'm marathon ready.

An ounce
A scientist was measuring  chemicals on a scale. He put a scoop of powder on the scale and recorded it. The number seemed too high to him. The scientist repeated this on a different scale. The second scale gave a much lower reading.

Protection
Tony was driving down the road with his sister in the car. A deer jumped out and almost hit them. Tony swerved and put his arm out to protect his sister. The deer ran off and Tony was able to straighten out the car. His sister was happy that Tony's instinct was to protect her.

The Perfect Present
Madeline was big fan of plants and flowers. She like to give them as gifts to friends and family. Her sister, Beth, was terrible with plants and killed them easily. Madeline decided to get her a cactus, since they were hard to kill. Beth was happy with her gift, which managed to survive.

Swimming
During the hot summer, Fred's friends always frequented the pool. They urged him to join, but Fred had a deep fear of water. Finally, he agreed to go to a swimming lesson. The instructor was calm and friendly, and put Fred at ease. By the end of the lesson, Fred had learned to love the water.

Kite Flying
Kim had never flown a kite before. It looked pretty easy, though. Until she tried to get it up in the air. She couldn't quite figure it out until her brother demonstrated. It worked just fine until it got caught in a tree!

Monday
Carol was running late, she needed to catch the bus to work. As she was running down the street her high heel broke right off! She could see the bus at the stop, so she continued running. She was close enough to touch the bus when it pulled away! Carol limped back home and went back to bed.

Stuck in Traffic
Bob had to get to an important meeting for work. He left work early in order to get to work on time. On his way there was a car accident that created a traffic jam. He waited for 30 minutes before he was able to move. When he got to work he apologized to his boss.

The Video
Lily's little brother loved to watch a video over and over. Sick of watching the video, Lily snuck it into the trash. Lily's mom went to put the video on for the little brother. She asked Lily if she knew where it was. Lily joined the search for the video as her little brother cried.

CCD
There is a weekly religion class at church for children. They put an ad in the bulletin needing more teachers. Paula answered the ad because she felt a calling from God. She began to teach the Kindergarten class and taught four years. She got more out of the class than she ever thought she could.

Milk and Cookies
I went to the store to buy milk. I chose a gallon and started to walk towards the cashier. On the way to pay for my milk, I walked past the cookie aisle. Cookies are the best when they are enjoyed with a big glass of milk. Now I always buy milk and cookies together.

The Missing Keys
Jonathan does not get along with his co-worker, Ryan. Yesterday, Jonathan set his keys on his desk when he got to work. As a joke, Ryan took Jonathan's keys and hid them. Jonathan confronted Ryan about the missing keys. Jonathan found the keys behind the microwave in the break room.

cookies
We made christmas cookies this weekend. We went to the store to get all the ingredients. We had to make sure we would have everything we would need. Then we started by following the recipes. The end results was tons of cookies for everyone to share.

The lost blanket.
Candace was trying to put her toddler to bed. He wouldn't sleep without his special blanket. They couldn't find it, despite looking everywhere. Then, the tot had an idea. He looked in the car and found his blanket there.

Nail Appointment
Monica set an appointment to get a manicure. When she arrived at the hair salon, it was very crowed. Monica waited to be called to a table for her manicure. She waited an hour past her scheduled time. Monica grew very annoyed that she had to wait.

The Car Crash
Jake loved to drive fast. He had three speeding tickets already. He saw headlights behind him. He decided to try and run away. Jake wound up crashing his car and getting arrested.

Mistaking Kindness for Attraction
I asked my friend if we can meet up today. She was able to see me for only a few minutes. I confessed to her that I wanted to go out with her. I was confused when she said no since she kissed me before. She simply said that she was only being kind.

Faulty Laptop
I went to the store one day to buy a laptop. I found a nice looking one and then purchased it. After bring it home, I noticed that it was not turning on. I drove back to the store and asked for a replacement. The store found me a replacement and gave me store credit.

training wheels off
Bobby was ready to remove his training wheels. His dad took them off carefully. Then he set Bobby off with a push. At first Bobby wobbled, but then he straightened out. Bobby was riding his bike like a grown-up!

Art History
Kay was excited about taking an art history class. The first day she arrived early and got a good seat. The professor was dry and boring making it difficult to stay awake. By the third week Kay could barely stand the class. She went to the registrar and dropped the class before it was too late.

Looking for apartments.
Kelly wanted to move to Austin. She started watching online for apartments. At first everything was too expensive. Soon enough, she was able to find some cheaper places. Finally, she found the one that she wanted.

College
Paul wanted to go to college but didn't know his major. He did research based on his hobbies and skills. He found that he really liked computers and fixing hardware. He found a college with a great electrical engineering program as well His entire family was proud that he was finally going to college.

Across the State Line
Scott was jailed across the state line for lifting a TV from Walmart. Ann decided to go bail him out. Sue told Ann to let him rot in jail. On the way home, Scott lifts a coffeemaker from a diner. Both Ann and Scott are jailed just across the state line.

Library
Gina needed to do research about dolphins. She decided she would go to the library. Her teacher allowed her to go. But her friends Mary, and Tami wanted to go as well Gina was disappointed because she wanted to go alone.

Don't Drive Drunk
I went out drinking with friends. We all took an Uber to get to the bar. Another friend showed up later with his car. We all drank and had a good time. The late shower tried to give us a ride home and ended up with a dui.

Date Ditch
Jake was at the club. He got a girl's number. Jake set up a date with her. When Jake sobered up he saw her ugly picture Jake made up an excuse to cancel the date.

Drivers Training
My dad first taught me how to drive a car. When I was 16 he would let me practice in an empty parking lot. I remember my first time riding on the street, I was so nervous! Luckily, I calmed my nerves and drove perfect, following all rules. Not to long after that day I was able to get my license.

First Hotel Stay
Lisa lived in a small town and spent a lot of time with her family. Her family did not have much money, so they did not travel much. One Friday afternoon, her father came home with great news. He won a free stay at a local hotel. The family spent the weekend at the hotel and had a great time.

Indian Cuisine
Lee loved trying new foods. Lee tried a new restaurant every weekend. She tried an Indian place for the first time. Lee woke up the next day vomiting. She is now afraid to try Indian food again.

Banana Stand
Tod saved up money to start a small business. He decided to open a small banana stand and then bought the supplies. Tod set up shop in the city and then began to work hard for Years. One day a fierce storm washed away Tod's shop, leaving him broke. Tod was heartbroken and suffered from depression until he died.

Double Bogey
A golfer invented a golf ball that changed color after it was hit. He secretly swapped out his opponents ball for his new invention. The opponent couldn't find his ball and had to take a penalty. The inventor laughed and took a big lead in their game. After he won he confessed and the other golfer though he was mean.

the birthday
Joe went to his place, meaning the place he spent most his time a bar. Well most the people there knew him and he knew most of them as well. He walked in, his friends had a  cake, he asked whose birthday was it? Forgetting it was his birthday he never had such a nice gift. Caught off guard he was speechless, and a memory he would not forget.

jam
Ava bought buckets of fresh strawberries. But her family couldn't eat them all! Ava didn't want them to go bad, so she had an idea. She scanned the berries and made strawberry jam. That way, none of the berries went to waste!

Saving Dolphins
Dolphins start watching up on the beach in San Diego. Some friends get together and spend the night pushing them back in. After that is over with the friends hang out on the beach. They start a fire when the sun goes down. They sing, play guitar and drink some beer.

Sticky Situation
A young boy wandered off from his mother in a grocery store. He found a roll of stickers by the register that said items were paid. He ran around the store and placed stickers on everything for fun. Customers were confused and thought that everything was free. The manager on duty was powerless to stop people from taking food.

English Class
Ashley was struggling in her English class. She was almost failing and needed to pass the class. Her friend Beth was an honor student and agreed to help her out. They studied together every night for the rest of the semester. With Beth's help Ashley was able to pass her English class.

Beth
Beth wanted to give her mom a great present for Christmas. She knew her mom wanted a new sweater. But each one Beth saw was too expensive to buy! Then Beth had another idea. She knitted her mom a warm homemade sweater for free!

Waffle Party
Becky was having waffles one day. She covered them with syrup. And put butter on them also. But when she sat down ready to eat she noticed something. She forgot to get a fork so she ate them with her hands!

Dean Goes Shopping
Dean realized he had no food in the house. His wife was out of town on business. Dean had to go buy groceries by himself, which he had never done. He walked into the store and was overwhelmed. Dean decided to just order takeout for the rest of the week.

Making Tea
Naomi's grandmother came to visit her. Her grandmother liked tea. Naomi made muffins and brewed some tea. Her grandmother came, and they sat down for tea. It was an enjoyable visit.

No Rules
The bowling alley was in a state of chaos. One man tried a new strategy that upset half the players. He would throw the ball as far as he could down the lane. No one could find a rule against throwing so they were angry. The owner of the alley banned him to keep the peace.

Helping Out
My peer at work got a promotion that I wanted. I was extremely bitter at first because I worked hard for that. She told me that she thought I deserved to get promotion too. She then asked me to help her in her new role. I did and she praised my kindness to the boss.

Valentine's Day
Mindy took candy hearts to give to her classmates for Valentine's Day. She attached a little baggie to each card. When she handed them out she realized she was one short! She felt terrible that she had to leave someone out. The next day she gave that classmate an extra large bag of candy.

Workout
Whit had been sick. She finally went back to the gym. Her trainer put her through an intensive workout. Whit started to feel sick. She got sick and threw up.

Old Pros
Two pro wrestlers squared off in a wrestling ring. One wrestler, the Junkman, swung a lead pipe at the other. The other, Fire King, stepped backwards to dodge it and fell. The Junkman stood over him and raised his pipe. The referee tackled the Junkman to stop him from his attack.

Present For Grandma
James was going to his grandmother's house. He wanted to give her a present. He went to the mall to go shopping. He found a nice sweater for her. Her grandmother loved the new sweater James bought her.

Mark's Day out
Mark just moved into a new neighborhood with his parents. Mark wanted to go out and explore. Mark started to walk around his new neighborhood, exploring everywhere. Mark soon realized that he was lost! Mark's parents went looking for him and found him soon.

The Lost Pig
Tony and Martha couldn't find their pig, Porky, anywhere. They decided to drive around the neighborhood and find Porky. They approached everyone on the streets of nearby blocks. One person said he thought he saw a pig running up the block. They drove up the block and found a party charbroiling a whole pig.

Angry Dog
Lance was at the park. He ran into a random dog. Lance tried to approach it but the dog seemed angry. It barked and tried to bite Lance. Lance decided to call animal services.

Mary Becomes Healthier
Mary wanted to go on a diet. She wanted to eliminate soda from her diet. She stopped drinking Coca-Cola everyday. She felt terrible after going through withdrawals. Mary felt healthier and more energized after quitting soda.

Detailed
Ryan had a project. He had to go into detail about a topic. The topic was about his favorite food. He finished it and presented it the next day. Everyone loved his food choice and he got a good grade.

Rainy Days
Michelle lived in Florida and loved to go to the beach. She would load her beach bag with snacks and put on her swimsuit. Saturday she had plans to go to the beach but it was raining. Michelle was very disappointed and at this point had no other plans. She finally decided not to waste the day and went to the mall instead.

bake-off
Cal and her daughter loved baking. They decided to enter their pies in a baking contest. That way they would see who was the better baker! Each one entered a homemade pie. But neither one won the contest!

Archery Class
Sasha was trying out an archery class at her summer camp. The archery teacher showed her how to hold the bow and shoot. Sasha's first arrow went straight into the ground in front of her. The teacher corrected her, and Sasha didn't give up. By the end of the class, she managed to get a bullseye!

Ben's New Shoes
Ben wanted to get a new pair of shoes. He asked his mother to take him shopping. His mother agreed. Ben tried on at least twenty pairs of shoes. He finally selected a nice pair of athletic shoes.

The melted balloon.
Sarah was making a birthday cake for her husband. She had bought him a little balloon too. When the cake was ready, she put the balloon on it. Then, she began lighting candles. Suddenly, the heat from the candles made the balloon melt.

Poor to Rich
He grew up poor. Was the only one in his family to go to college. Got a great job right out of school. Started making a high amount of money. Bought an expensive house for his family.

Bus Sickness
Fred needed to get to work but his car was broken. He decided to take the city bus to work instead. When Fred boarded the bus, he began to feel ill. After a minute, the movement of the bus caused Fred to vomit. Fred was embarrassed and had to clean up his mess.

Train
I took my son to Europe. He said he wanted to go on a train. I agreed to take him on a train. I booked two tickets for a train from Spain to France. My son had a great time on the train!

Deep Sea Fishing
Daisy wanted to go deep sea fishing. She chartered a fishing boat to take her offshore. While underway, Daisy got seasick. She felt better once the boat anchored out. Daisy caught many fish that day.

Disappointing Trip
Sam always wanted to go to Disneyland. His family finally took a trip there. It was very crowded and expensive. Sam wasn't able to get on many rides. He was disappointed with the whole trip.

Game Show
Larry was the last contestant on the game show. He had to roll a 3 on the dice in order to win a million dollars. His palms were sweaty as he threw the dice. His jaw dropped as he saw the dice land on the number 3. He spent his winnings on a brand new car.

The School Musical
Madison just started at a new high school this year. She was afraid she wouldn't make any friends. To get involved, she tried out for the school musical. Madison got the lead part! She made a lot of close friends by participating in the musical.

Party Fanatic
Leo was throwing a huge party, the invitations were in the mail. Inviting all of his friends, family and coworkers for a Friday party. Finally the day was here, and Leo had everything set up. Food, drinks, games and lots of really good music. However, Leo never put stamps on the invites and no one came.

Wine
I had some friends over for dinner. I went to the wine basement to get some wine. I remembered my friends liked Pinot Noir so I grabbed a bottle of it. Indeed, my friends loved the Pinot Noir. Alas, it was my most expensive bottle and they finished all of it.

Studying
In a week was Clara's final exam. So she studied all week. She needed an A to pass her class. Clara finally took the test. She got an A .

Spring Allergies
Samantha had to give a presentation for class. She prepared all week for this. When she got up in front of the class she started sneezing. Her eyes watered and her allergies prevented her from finishing. Her teacher felt sorry and told her she could reschedule it next week.

party
Greg wanted to throw the biggest party. He wanted to be like his hero, gatsby. He invited all of his friends and told them to invite others. The day comes and no one shows up. Greg was very unhappy.

The Big Move
Mark wanted to give his living room a new look. He decided to move the furniture around. He lifted one end of his sofa and dragged it to a new location. He switched paintings on his walls. When he was done the room looked very changed.

The First Snow
It's getting cold outside today. I want some snow to go out and play in. The first flake fell as I watched the sky. I was so excited I almost cried. I put on my jacket and went outside to enjoy the winter wonderland.

Lies all Around
I called Anna to ask if our plans tonight are still there. She told me that she might be late since she's in traffic. I decided to go out for food while waiting for her. Once I arrived at this special restaurant, I took my order. At the same time, I noticed that Anna was eating food with somebody.

Expired lettuce.
Jane worked at a restaurant. Her boss asked her to grab some lettuce from the freezer. She went to get it, but saw that all of the dates were expired. She told her boss, but he decided that they would serve it anyway. Jane felt really bad, but she did what her boss told her to do.

First Haircut
Yolanda was scared to go to the salon and get her haircut. This was the first time she was going to get her haircut. Yolanda sat in the salon chair as the hairstylist worked magic. To her surprise the stylist did not take that much off. Yolanda looked in the mirror and actually liked the cut.

Caffeine Rush
Mike needed to stay up late to finish work. But he was getting too tired. He decided to drink coffee. But it made him feel jittery and anxious. Mike felt so bad that he no choice but to stay in bed.

Dead Battery
Marge planned to wait in the car as her husband worked a late shift. She brought a book to pass the time. Marge turned on the overhead light and read until the light dimmed. Marge realized she had drained the car battery. She turned off the light and pretended to be sleeping.

Party
Kim wanted to throw a party. She invited all her friends. Then she cooked lots of food for them. All the guests arrived on time. They ate, drank and had a great time at the party!

New York City in a Day
One of our favorite places to visit as a family is New York City. Once, we only had a day to visit, so we did a lot in a short time. We started out with a ride on the Staten Island Ferry. Then, we made our way all the way up to Central Park. By the time we had to leave, everyone was exhausted.

Ben Gets Caught
Ben wanted to go to the park, but his mom said no. Ben decided to sneak out and go to the park anyway. Ben's mom caught him sneaking out and grounded him for a month. Ben felt silly for disobeying his mom after that. He decided it was better to follow the rules then break them.

Great Concert
Steven's friend invited him to go to a concert. Steven had some initial hesitations. He called his friend and decided to go anyway. Steven really enjoyed himself at the concert. Steven looks forward to going to future concerts.

Beach house
The Johnsons always go to the beach each summer. They usually stay at a hotel. Since their family keeps growing they decided to buy a house. This was a surprise to the Johnson kids. They found a beach house and bought it.

Be Careful What you Wish For
Maddie decided to push me on the ground. I got up from the ground and became furious. I told her to go fight someone her own size. However, she took it seriously and brought Tim. He tried to fight me as well.

Tested
Ryan watched as the rider was released from the chute on a bull. The animal bucked wildly trying to throw off its rider. The rider began to lose his grip as the bull reared up. Ryan watched as the rider began to fall to the ground of the bull. Springing into action he helped the rider to his feet.

Late Again
Helen raced to catch the train to work. She ran through puddles and over potholes. She pushed past people and knocked down a fruit stand. She saw the sign for her subway and flew down the stairs. She stopped short at the bottom and watched the train pull away.

Going on a Picnic
It was a nice day and my family decided to go outside. I decided to pack a basket full of food to take with us. We drove to a nice park. My husband and daughter chose which park table we would sit at. Our family ate a nice picnic lunch.

The Roller Coaster
Libby was afraid of roller coasters. All her friends wanted to go on the biggest one at Six Flags. She did not want to stay on the ground. She decided to conquer her fears. She went on the roller coaster and had a great time.

Problems
Tim and Lisa had a shaky marriage. She had cheated on him many times. They were close to divorce and decided to go to counseling. After many sessions, the counseling started working. They rebuilt their relationship and became happy.

Chicken Nuggets
Lily loved chicken nuggets. She decided to make some for herself. She got all the ingredients and set to work. When they were done, she was pleased with her work. However, when she tasted them, she realized she still needed practice.

Bike Lesson
Mikayla did not know how to ride a bike. Her dad took her to the park to teach her. She put on her helmet and pedaled while her Dad held onto the back. He let go when she got comfortable. She pedaled around the track by herself.

Learning Spanish
I signed up for freshman Spanish. I found it very difficult to learn the different nouns. I had trouble learning how to put together sentences. I studied as hard as I possibly could. I ended up passing freshman Spanish.

Dan Rides a Motorcycle
Dan had always wanted to ride a motorcycle. However, he had never taken lessons. One year on a trip to Vietnam, he rented a motorcycle. Riding the motorcycle was one of the most fun things he had ever done. When he got home, And decided to take motorcycle lessons.

Fast Food
Darrel was waiting in the drive through for half an hour. He had about lost his patience. When he finally got to the window he was about to scream at them. They immediately apologized before he could. They had an accident and offered free food to make it up to him.

Hide and Seek
Eli and Baylee decided to play hide and seek one night. Baylee thought it would be funny to hide in the washer. Eli searched everywhere but couldn't find her. Baylee had fallen asleep and didn't hear Eli calling. Eli woke his parents, who eventually found Baylee in the washer.

Snow day
Katie was playing outside one day. She saw a snowflake fall from the sky. Soon there were lots of snowflake all around her. Katie caught some snowflakes on her tongue. She played in the falling snow until dinnertime.

Ernie's Lesson
Ernie's mother always told him never to run with scissors. He ignored her advice and did it anyway. He fell on the scissors. He cut his arm badly. Ernie will never run with scissors again.

A Short Road Trip
My best friend, Sam, and I decided to take a drive to Gatlinburg. We were both excited as the we began the trip. But, after only two miles, we heard a loud pop from the engine. We were forced to stop the car and had to call for a wrecker. It was the shortest road trip we ever took.

Companion Physical
Mom invited Dad to drive her to the doctor. Dad turned and left without responding. Mom invited her best friend to travel with her. They had drinks, enjoying the evening. The doctor appointment was missed.

Fighting
Me and Marcy do not agree on anything. So Marcy storms out of the house to go to her friends. I stay at the house and have friends over. Marcy calls me crying to say she is sorry. But i have moved on and am now in a relationship with someone else.

Stripper
Paulette took a semester off college. She laid in front of the tv all day watching MTV. Her mother told her to not be lazy and get a job. Paulette got a job being a stripper. Her mother cried regretting she told her to get a job.

The Long Hug
Tom was set to go away for the first time in his life. He had packed his suitcase to go study abroad in London. Tom's parent were in tears as they hugged Tom. Tom stood there, also teary eyed, hugging his parents. Finally, Tom left to go catch a flight at the airport.

Pink Car
Sarah got a car for her birthday. But she was upset that it wasn't pink. So she decided to get it painted hot pink. Her car gave her lots of attention. So she was happy about her decision.

Food in teeth.
Pam was with her friends at lunch. They were all chatting and having fun. Some of the group left to get snacks. Then, Pam's friend let her know she had food in her teeth. Pam was so embarrassed and she went to clean her teeth.

Winning Touchdown
Devin was a star quarterback in high-school. At the big game he was set to stand out. He played great the whole night. He even ran for the game winning touchdown after a fumble. He still remembers those days fondly.

Repair
Beth was sad that Jake didn't agree to go to a dance with her. Later that day Jake approached her and apologized. He hadn't meant to laugh at her. He agreed to go to the dance with her. Beth excitedly called her friend Amy to tell her the good news.

Prison
Jon had an argument with his dad. In a state of rage, he murdered his dad. He tried to run away but the police caught him. He pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to prison for life.

Surprise!
Kate wanted to throw her mom a surprise party. Planning was going well. But then Kate invited her little brother. He told her mom about the party! Kate was so angry, she wanted to smack him.

Internship
Mary had to go to the hospital during the first day of her internship. She was introduced to some of the hospital staff and places. When she went on the 4th floor she saw her new office. It included a computer and several tools. Her instructor gave her an assignment to complete.

Lost Girl
Becca loved to go to the mall with her mom. At the store she would often get distracted by the things they passed. As they walked, Becca saw a pretty necklace and stopped to look at it. When she looked up, her mom was gone! Luckily, a nice woman found her crying and helped her find her mom.

The Wedding
The day of Fiona's wedding had finally come. She could not contain her excitement. All her bridesmaids helped her into her dress. She was ready to walk down the aisle! Everyone in the church were stunned by her beauty.

Please Mom
Amy wanted her mom to take her to the big mall. Her mother hated going to the mall because it was far away. She finally convinced her mother to take her. Amy had to shop quickly since her mom was irritated. She found an outfit she liked, but had no time to look for shoes.

Glasses
Connie started to get headaches in school. Her mom was very worried. She took Connie to the doctor. The doctor reassured them that Connie just needed glasses. Connie was glad that nothing was seriously wrong.

The Career Chance
New people moved into the house across the street from Charles. He never would have guessed it would lead to a new career. One day Charles took pictures from the house across the street. The owner came outside and gave Charles a manual for shooting video. Charles read it and the homeowner gave Charles a job on a film crew.

Golfing for a Promotion
It was no secret that the managers at Jim's company favored golfers. Golfers were often invited to play on the weekend with the managers. These individuals seemed to get all the perks and promotions. Jim decided to take lessons at the country club. Within a year, he was golfing with his boss and up for a promotion.

Weight Loss Success
Tim decided that he needed to lose weight. He figured the best way was to eat healthy and get exercise. Instead of driving his car to work, he walked. Instead of eating high calorie snacks, he ate fruit. By the end of the month, Tim had lost five pounds.

Caroline
Andy was dating Caroline and things were going well. One day Andy asked her to go the fair with him. Caroline agreed and they had a great time at the fair. Caroline noticed she was falling in love with Andy and so was he/ They married after a month.

Ping pong match
Fred decided to take his date to ping pong. He thought Rita would like it. It turns out she did. The two raced off. Fred ended up winning.

Sam's Big Game
Sam had been watching his teammates play from the sidelines. It had been like this all game season. His coach finally decided to put Sam in the game one night. Sam was so excited that he ran past the other team with the ball. He ended up scoring a touchdown!

A Quick Nap
Don decided to take an afternoon nap. He didn't set an alarm. By the time he woke up it was already night. He decided to stay in bed. And just slept all the way until the next morning

Airplane Ride
Lilly went on her first airplane ride today. She got to see the cockpit. The pilots said hello to her. Lilly looked out the windows at the land below. She smiled and laughed in excitement at how high they were.

Newspaper election
Kelly really wanted to be editor in chief of her paper. She tried really hard to get that position. She spent countless nights at the paper perfecting everything. Finally she ended up getting the position. Kelly couldn't be more happier.

Trip to Walmart
Rosie needed groceries one day. She decided to take a trip to Walmart. Rosie stocked up on all of the essentials. She even was able to get a few extras. Rosie had a successful trip to Walmart.

Catch Me if You Can
There once was a fast little rat inside of a house. The rat annoyed the family, as it chewed up wires in the home. The family soon decided to get a large cat. The cat soon found the rat hiding in his spot. Now, the rat who was once fast, is no longer allowed to roam.

Spanish Mountain Adventure
Last weekend I visited Asturias in Northern Spain. I wanted to go see this old village up in the mountains. There is no road to the village so I had to hike there. It was a long, difficult climb to the top. Although it was hard, it was a beautiful trip.

Instant Cape
Sam was pretending to be a superhero in his house. He put a bag on his head and pretended it was a mask. He looked around for a suitable cape. He reached into a laundry hamper for a towel. He tied it around his neck and it was a cape.

The Right Fit
Jack and Sue rode from Texas to Florida with six children. They arrived at the hotel. The noise of the car ride motivated them to hire a nanny for 2 hours. The nanny took the children to the soda shop. The children each consumed a lemonade, glad to be out of the car.

Don't Let Go
Susie didn't need to hold her mother's hand in the store anymore. Carefully, she eased her small hand out of her mother's grip. She smiled to herself sure that her mom would see how grown up she is. But she didn't see her mom and was getting very scared. Before she could cry her mom picked her up and told her don't let go.

Late to the Party
Elena decided to visit her aunt's house before going to the party. She eventually arrived there around the night time. When she came into the house, she noticed that everyone was leaving. Drew carried the cake to his car so she didn't get a peace. The birthday girl looked at her with a frown before she left.

Chuck E Cheese
Simon remembered having fun at Chuck E Cheese's we he was younger. He asked his parents to take him there. One Saturday, his parents decided to take him as a special treat. It wasn't as impressive as he had remembered. Now Simon asks to be taken to Dave and Busters instead.

First one to Lose
My first cross-country run took place today. After the flag was waved, everyone started to run. There were fast runners however, I managed to take the lead. We were on our 4th lap and was heading to the finish line. However, I caught a cramp and ended up in 2nd place.

Barking Dog
I took my dog for a walk in the woods. At the creek, he began to bark at a figure in the distance. Upon inspection, I realized it was a dead body. I called the police. They awarded my dog with a medal of gratitude!

Juice
The Smiths got a new juicer. They excitedly unboxed it and set it up in their kitchen. The Smiths put in all sorts of fresh fruit. They giggled as it swirled and blended together. Together, the family enjoyed their freshly juiced beverages.

Wrong Beach
My friends found out about an end of the year party at the beach. We decided to call a taxi to take us there. However, we didn't come across anyone when we arrived. I asked Dan if he's positive that this is the right place. He eventually realized that we moved towards the opposite direction.

Candy Sale
Tim's class was supposed to sell candy for a fundraiser. Tim's stomach grumbled when the teacher handed out the candy. On the bus ride home, Tim ate most of the candy intended for sale. When the money was due, Tim was frantic. He told the teacher his candy money was robbed.

Speak
Aya was studying Japanese. She excelled in her class. But she thought the best way to learn more was to visit Japan. She signed up to be an exchange student in Tokyo. There, Aya learned lots and lots more Japanese!

Fishing
Bob likes to go fishing for catfish on the lake banks. One night after a storm, he went fishing alone. A huge fish got on the line! Bob fought with it for over an hour. That fish was the biggest fish he ever caught!

Anonymous Art
Dana's art teacher asked the class to draw their families. Dana drew her mom with ugly hair and made her dad an ogre. The teacher collected the drawings and put them on the walls. When Dana's parents came to open house, they looked for her drawing. Dana pointed to a drawing made by another student.

Bread
Sinbad made pasta for dinner. He wanted to make garlic bread to go with it. He was out of garlic. He drove to the store to get some. Sinbad came back home and made garlic bread.

Lost Dog
One day, my family's dog ran away. We were all so sad that we would never see our dog again. We put up flyers to try and find her. Later in the week, we received a phone call that someone found her! Thankfully, our dog was safely returned home.

Automatic Coffee
Jan checked into a hotel after a long business workshop. She was impressed by the room's decor and amenities. Jan set the coffee machine to make a pot in the morning. She woke to the tantalizing smell of coffee. Then Jan saw the pot empty by the maker and coffee pooling around it.

The Climb
Joe was almost at the top of the rock face when a storm came in. Forced to stay below the summit he braced himself in his tent. Just when he was about to get blown off, a rope fell down. A fellow climber offered him help to climb up. He made it the rest of the way as his tent fell all the way down.

Michael's Accomplishment
Michael wanted to get into a good college. He studied hard and participated in lots of school activities. He applied to the college he wanted to attend, and he was accepted. Michael was so excited! He was very proud of his accomplishment.

The Hike
The Smith family likes going on adventures. They decided to go for a hike. They picked out the perfect trail. They didn't realize how long the trail was. By the time they got back to their vehicle they was so tired.

Substitute Teacher
Samantha had a new gym teacher today. Her gym teacher was sick today and had to stay at home. She was replaced by a substitute teacher. The substitute teacher made Samantha run laps in the gym. Samantha was furious and complained to her gym teacher the next day.

Options
Gina's car wouldn't go up an icy hill. And now cars behind her stopped her from backing up. She quickly weighed her options. It seemed she would have to get out and ask the cars to back up. Either that or put kitty litter under her tires and pray for traction.

He Was a She
As I walked down the sidewalk I noticed a nice dog sitting there. As I walked on past him, he followed me with his eyes. I couldn't help but stop, then walk back to him. He looked at me with soulful, pleading eyes. So I took him home as my new friend, only to find it he was a she.

Deliberate
The man was sitting on the plane. The kid in back of him kept kicking his seat. He tried to get the kid to stop. The kid kept deliberately doing it. The man reported the kid to the flight attendants.

Alabama
My grandparents lived in Alabama. We used to travel there every summer. We would eat from their garden, and use plants for medicine. I learned a lot about the country from being there. I miss traveling there, and miss my grands.

Food Eating Contest
Bobby had always been a big eater, and decided to enter a contest. The challenge was to eat as many pies as possible in 10 minutes. Bobby scarfed the pies as quickly as possible, and finished 12. He was awarded first prize, and received a large and shiny medal. But he didn't get to enjoy it long - he threw up almost immediately.

Ice Cream Night
Hank always heard an ice cream truck pass by his house at 9 PM. Hearing an ice cream truck that late made Hank slightly scared. Hank finally decided to stop the ice cream truck. And he was greeted by an old frail woman. Hank asked for a popsicle as quickly as possible then ran inside.

Laundry
Ethel has never done laundry. She decided to put her nice dress in the washing machine. The washer was set to wash with hot water. Ethel went to put the dress in the dryer. She was sad to see the dress was ruined.

Music
Tom discovered a new band recently. He decided to follow them on tour around the country. He approached a band member after the show. The band member invited him backstage. Tom ended up becoming good friends with the band members.

Sweet Tooth
Grady loved sweets, his favorite meal was dessert. Grady still tried to take care of his teeth despite his love of sugar. During his annual dental exam his dentist told him he had cavities. Grady knew he had to change his diet. Instead of being sad, Grady was resolved to savor his sweets.

cigarettes
Ned needed cigarettes - he was almost out. But they were so very expensive in his city. Then his friend suggested that Ned drive to the reservation. Ned drove there and found that cigarettes were much cheaper there! He bought himself two whole cartons of cigarettes.

Steal
Wendy order a sub from the food line. She placed her food on a table. Since she needed to get napkins, she left the table for a few. Another kid walked to the table and stole the sub. When Wendy came back, all of her food was gone.

Ice cream fail
Kelly ordered three scoops of ice cream. She wanted to run to see her friends. In the process she dropped her cone. The entire thing fell to the ground. Kelly then had to pick it all up.

The Right Decision
Wendy didn't want to go to the cocktail party. She was tired and just wanted to stay home. But she knew her friend would be offended if she didn't show. At the party, she met a handsome man and hit if off with him. He asked her on a date, and she was happy she had decided to go.

Ferris Wheel
Lenny was afraid to get on the ferris wheel. It went so high into the air. His big brother told him there wasn't anything to be afraid of. He got on the ride with Lenny. When they got to the top Lenny was amazed by the great view.

You're Up
Gina had been waiting to see the principal. She thought she was ready to get it over with. Then the door to the office opened. And her heart began to race. She stood nervously waiting to hear her name called.

The Flight
Devan had never flown on an airplane before. She was excited to take her first flight. After the plane had taken off, Devan's ears began to hurt. A passenger next to her gave her bubble gum to help with the ear pain. Now, she always has a pack of gum before boarding an airplane.

Major Promise
My mom planned to have a Barbecue on Christmas Eve. However, she barely had any money and asked me for some assistance. I told her that I would help only if she allowed me to get braces. We made an agreement and I ended up giving her $1000 dollars. She bought all of her supplies for the dinner.

The craft win.
Sarah had heard about a crafting competition. She decided to enter a homemade pillow. The pillow went on display and people voted. Soon, the voting was done and Sarah was nervous. Then, she learned that her pillow had done really well.

Out to Eat
Bobby sought the best steakhouse in town. He brought his friend Steve along to test different places. The pair disagreed about which place was best. Bobby and Steve had to alternate places each outing. Neither of them were overly happy about the compromise.

Taking turns for a game.
Mindy and her sister were playing a video game. It was only for one player so they had to take turns. Mindy had been taking a long turn. Her sister began to complain and want her turn. Finally, Mindy gave up the controller.

Songstress
Etta had always wanted to be a singer. One summer she decided to enter the county fair's singing contest. She stood on stage and sang the National Anthem for the whole crowd. Etta was petrified, but it turned out to be worth it. The crowd loved her voice so much, they gave her a standing ovation!

keys
Ed left his keys at the grocery store. He did not realize until he got home! He had to return to the store. There, he checked with the manager. Thankfully, someone had returned his keys.

Running for Mom
Sally's mom was diagnosed with breast cancer. Sally heard about a run to support breast cancer. Sally trained hard for weeks before the run. Sally completed the run with her mom cheering her on from the sideline. Sally hugged her mom at the end of the run.

Rabies
Jon decided to go to India. He saw lots of stray dogs. He decided to feed them. Alas, one of the dogs had rabies and bit Jon. Jon developed rabies and died.

Jill Controls Her Rodent Problem
Jill had a rodent problem in her house. She decided to get a cat to control her problem. She adopted a cat from her local humane society. Her new cat caught all the rodents in her house. Jill was so happy that she was able to adopt a new friend.

Cinderella Story
Molly went to the dance but didn't go with anyone. She was in the corner because nobody asked her to dance. After a couple hours, one boy came and asked her to dance. That boy, Mike, ended up being the popular kid in school. People were amazed he picked Molly to dance, Molly was soo happy.

stroller
Karla took care of eight children in her daycare. She had too many little ones to go on a walk with her double stroller. She began looking for a stroller that would hold lots of kids. She found a stroller online that could hold up to four little ones. She purchased the stroller and is able to go on walks.

Serve The Serpent
Steven trembled and stuttered his name to the receptionist. She motioned for him to go ahead on in. He sat down opposite of the governor, sweating like a hydrant. The governor put him at ease by asking about his school football team. Steven looks back fondly at that day he first met his boss, long ago.

Bike Trip
I wanted to plan a trip to ride my bike on a hilly path. After researching paths, I found one nearby that went up a mountain. I prepared my bike and food, and set out on the trip. The path up the mountain led to a great view where I took a picture. I rode my bike home, satisfied after a great day of riding.

Fight Night
George was about to participate in his first professional fight. He approached the entrance and waited for his cue to enter the ring. Once he was inside, the announcer announced him and his opponent. They advanced towards each other once the bell sounded. George proved his skills and won his first match.

Betrayal
Kevin decided to surprise his girlfriend with two tickets to a concert He called his girlfriend but she said she was sick. Kevin decided to bring Joe with him instead. At the concert, he saw his girlfriend kissing another man. He broke up with her in front of everyone.

Parkour
My friend asked me to give him $5 if he manages to jump over the fence. I accepted the offer. He immediately ran towards the french. Although it was high, he jumped over it but ended up falling. I gave him the money and walked away.

Heart
Ben needed heart surgery. He was terrified! He worried that something would go wrong. But his family prayed for him all through the surgery. And in the end, Ben came out perfectly fine!

The new phone
Tyler was excited to get the newly released cell phone. He was surprised to see a long line when he arrived at the store. He waited in line for an hour to purchase his phone. When he arrived at the cashier she informed him they were sold out. Tyler was upset as he drove home without a new phone.

Rick's gambit
One day during his lunch break Rick decided to take a walk. On his walk Rick ran into an acquaintance of his. Rick had met the man a few times but had forgotten his name! Rick decided to gamble guessed that the man's name was Bob. The man's name was actually Jim but they both just laughed it off.

Cody's 4 wheeling crash
Cody is on his ATV by himself. He hits a hill, and flips over the handlebars. A few hours pass and Cody is paralyzed and can't move. his parents finally come looking for him. He's hospitalized and paralyzed.

Rufus Plays the Fiddle
Rufus decides to go to a bar with live music one night. However, the musicians announce that their fiddle player did not come. Rufus announces that he can play the fiddle. He joins the musicians to play a few songs. He is very happy that he went to the bar that night.

Wait For Grandpa
Gina was waiting on her grandpa to return home. She wanted him to take her to the store to buy chips. When he returned home he was too tired to go to the store. Gina would have to wait until tomorrow to get the chips. She was disappointed, but there was nothing she could do.

Where Is My Son?
The house seemed eerily quiet. I wondered what my 2 year old son was doing. It didn't take long to realize that he was missing. I frantically ran around the house screaming his name. I finally found him fast asleep under some blankets in the closet.

Tara Gets in Shape
Tara wanted to get into shape. She started doing sit-ups every morning. She kept her routine everyday. Eventually she lost 10 pounds in 3 months. Tara had a sculpted six pack as the result of her hard work.

Swimming in the Lake
Milwaukee resident Wallace wanted to go swimming in the lake. It was early September, and he donned his swim trunks. He drove to the lake and found parking. The water was already far too cold for him to swim. Wallace went home unsatisfied.

Same Respect
Ian ditched his friends to go out with his girlfriend. The next day, his girlfriend broke up with him. As he tried to contact his friends, none of them responded to them. They also said no word when they met in person. Therefore, Ian tried to apologize for his actions.

Scared after a movie.
Marissa had just finished a scary movie with her boyfriend. She was terrified after watching it. She tried to go to bed but was too scared to sleep. Instead, she asked her boyfriend to stay up with her. Her boyfriend stayed up with her until she fell asleep.

axe
Sam was going to chop firewood. He took his axe off the wall. He slung it on his back and set out. When he found a likely fallen tree, he paused. Then he hacked it into logs and carried it home.

Painful Blister
It was a gorgeous sunny morning. Tara wanted to go on a run in her neighborhood. She changed into her running clothes. After running for a few minutes, she felt a blister forming. Tara had to walk all the way back home due to the pain.

Veterans Win
Ryan wanted to go to college to get a degree. He looked at the costs and decided to take action. Ryan joined the military. The military paid for his college. Ryan now has a successful career and Veteran status too.

A Fly in My Soup
Joe went to dinner with an old pal named Mike. Mike showed Joe a fake bug he carried in his pocket. Mike put the bug on his plate and called the waiter over. Joe felt embarrassed and angry. He grabbed the bug to show the waiter it was a fake.

First Time on the Road
I tried to drive across a local street. I became nervous to a point where I crossed a red traffic light. A cop pulled me over. He decided to give me a ticket for passing the light. After that encounter, I drove carefully.

Being Indy
I saw Raiders of the Lost Ark when I was eleven years old. Soon after, I decided I wanted to be an adventurer archeologist too. I put on my dad's steel toed boots and tool belt. I went into the back yard and dug several huge holes, like Indy did. I got in big time trouble when dad got home that night.

Singles
Cecil was single for a long time. She finally went to a dating service. She was set up with lots of weird guys. One day while out for coffee she met a great guy. Soon after they were married.

Desert Road
Alice was driving to Las Vegas from Los Angeles. Her mother was afraid since a lot of the drive was on deserted roads. She drove by herself to Las Vegas. The car drove perfect, and the people were friendly. When she arrived she calls her very relieved mother.

Hugs
I went to go hang out with my friends. I hadn't seen them in six months. My friend, Lisa, kept hugging me. She started flirting with me. I realized she liked me and I asked her out.

Italian Joint
Lucy used to go to this Italian place after work with her friends. This place has the best pasta icy had ever had. All her friends loved that place, and the prices were decent too! The Italian place closed down due to health concerns. Noe Lucy and her friends have to find a new place.

base jumper
Adam wanted to go base jumping. He signed up for an excursion. He suited up and prepared to jump. Then he jumped and shouted exuberantly. Adam had an amazing time base jumping!

Putting up stickers.
Lisa was shopping at Target. She found some fun dinosaur stickers. She wanted to put them in her son's room. She looked at the wall and chose a spot. Then, she put the stickers up.

Costa Rica zip line
Tina and her friends went to Costa Rica on a trip. The first thing the girls wanted to do was the zip line. Tina decided to go first. When she went on, she screamed. She had a blast going to the next platform.

Thin Ice
My wife warned me not to go out into the snow. I needed to get some batteries. I decided to risk it. I got about two miles and slid into a ditch. My wife laughed at me over the phone.

No More Water
Jordan was wandering through the desert on his camel. The camel was starting to get thirsty. Jordan headed towards an old oasis he knew. When they arrived, the oasis had dried up. Jordan realized he was lost, and drank his last drops of water.

The Kid Falls
Gina and Lisa were sitting on the park bench. Lisa's brother was running around them playing., He decided to walk on the ledge of a retaining wall. He fell and skinned his knee. He got up and blamed Lisa for his fall even though she wasn't to blame

Fishing Contest
Brad was getting ready for the fishing contest. He got to the lake and set out his tackle box. His fishing pole was ready to cast. The contest had five other people. Brad's line tangled on the first cast.

Fay's Falcon
Fay was taking a hike one day. She stumbled across an egg from a fallen nest. She decided to take it home. The egg hatched a week later! Now Faye has her own pet falcon!

Chaos at Apple
The other day I was at the Apple Store when the phones came out. Everyone was screaming and waiting in line to get their new phone. People had been camping out for days. It took me four hours just to get inside the building. When I got my phone I was happy and relieved.

Bookish
Max loved reading fiction. There were no fiction books on his shelf. Max decided he should go to the library. He forgot his sister took his car. Then his sister walked in with a bunch of books from the library.

Baseball
Bob loved baseball. He wanted to play professionally. His coach suggested he take steroids to become better. Bob agreed. Bob was caught by the ethics committee and barred for three years.

Stones
Tom and Chris were playing at the lake. They were bored. They decided to throw stones. They began skipping stones. They were no longer bored and had fun throwing stones.

The Bicycle Race
Erin and her sister were riding their bicycles. Her sister, laughing, started to race ahead. Erin strived to catch up. She finally surpassed her sister just as they reached home! Erin and her sister enjoyed their impromptu race.

Christmas Party
Jen usually never goes to her company holiday party. She decided to go this year. Jen was bored until she started talking to Larry. The two instantly hit it off and had fun together. Jen and Larry are now seeing each other outside of work.

Too Generous
My teacher told everyone to prepare for the exam. Patrick forgot to bring a scantron and a writing utensil. Fortunately, I had spare items to give to him. In addition, I even signaled some answers during the test. He thanked me before we left the class.

Sleepy Parcels
Jed was tired. He was supposed to deliver packages today. He took a nap instead. The people on his route complained loudly. The manager asked them what they expected during the holidays.

Dilemma
Jim was a talented flute player. The lead flute player in the local orchestra was sick. Jim was asked to fill in. Jim filled in admirably. Jim became world renown because of his performance.

Random Hit
My teacher took the class to recess. I was instantly decided and decided to run into the sand. A saw my friends to the left and decided to look that way. In a couple of seconds, I ran into a pole in front of me. I was knocked unconscious for several minutes.

Henry and the Chipmunk
Henry loved to watch the chipmunks playing in his yard. One day he decided to try to catch one and keep it as a pet. Henry built a trap and caught a chipmunk, but it tried to bite him! Henry was surprised and scared. He decided to leave the chipmunks alone from then on.

Elizabeth's Gift
Elizabeth really wanted to go to Georgia's birthday party. However, Elizabeth didn't have enough money to buy her a present. Elizabeth's grandma suggested she make her friend a gift. Elizabeth painted Georgia a beautiful picture. The painting became Georgia's favorite gift she received that day.

DISNEY
The Land's family planned a trip to Disney. The Land's rented a tour bus for the trip. The five hour long drive was exciting on the way to Florida. Once arriving the whole family was entertained sufficiently. There was something for everybody to do at Disney.

Poker
Dan's friend introduced Dan to poker. Dan realized he was very good at playing poker. Dan decided to go to Las Vegas to test his skill. Dan won millions of dollars at Las Vegas. Eventually, Dan became the best poker player in the United States.

Laundry
I put laundry away. There were three loads piled up waiting to be folded. I folded it all, then stacked it in piles. I put everyone's clothes away in their dressers. By the time I was done, I was ready for a nap.

Financial Aid
I got accepted to college, but could not afford it. Luckily, I was able to fill out a financial aid form. I put all my information in, and then waited. Eventually, I got word that I had received aid. It made it so I could go to college.

Spotted Puppy
Patty begged her parents for a speckled pup for her birthday. Her parents went to get a dog from the shelter as a surprise. When Patty saw the all-white puppy, she was disappointed. The next day, Patty looked happy again. Her parents saw she had drawn spots on the puppy.

Online Training
Amy was starting a work at home job. She was to attend training via an online conference. Amy followed along afraid she was misunderstanding. Finally she decided to ask a question to make sure she understood. It turned out she was understanding and was worried for nothing.

The Visit
My friend Beth came to town for a visit. She stayed with her family. I went to her family's house to visit her. Her sister sat with us and talked all night. I felt like I had made a new friend.

Date Night Solution
Jesus has a picnic planned for today. However as he picked up his girlfriend it began to rain nonstop. With his plans ruined, he no longer knew where to take her. However he quickly thought of having a picnic indoors. The indoor picnic turned out to become the best idea he ever had.

Motion Sick at the Museum
In sixth grade we went to the science museum for a field trip. Part of the trip was a film presentation in the omni-theater. We had been warned that some people get motion sick at this film. Nearly everybody scoffed. The boy two seats down from me vomited on the girl in front of him.

Brick Alley
My friend's band hosted an open mic night last week. Billy and I decided to go and support them. The bar was a really small place. We ended up having an amazing time listening to all the bands! The next day at work was awful because we stayed up way too late.

School Winter
A man's brother had to drive his brother to school. So he got up and went to his car. There was way too much traffic that day. So he was late for class and the brother missed a test. This is why he failed the class.

Put Your Toys Away
Ed had a bad habit of leaving his toys laying around. His parents were always telling him to put them away. One day his dad was walking down the hall. He stepped on Ed's favorite action toy, breaking it. Ed did a better job of putting his toys away after that.

The Ball
Tim was playing with his ball in the house. His mom came over and told him to stop. Once she went away, Tim continued to throw the ball in the air. Suddenly, he missed his catch and the ball hit a lamp, which broke. Tim got in trouble for not listening.

Internet Friends
When my husband and I moved to Florida last year, we knew noone. After being here a year, I began to feel lonely for friends. I put an ad on craigslist, describing the things that I like to do. I had several people answer the ad, all strange birds in my opinion. There was one lady who told me that she goes dumpster diving for fun!

Waterproof Phone
Zach heard about a new waterproof phone. So he went to the store to get the new phone for $200. At home, Zach decided to spill water on it on purpose. The phone didn't break, it really was waterproof! Zach called his friends with a wet phone to tell them the news.

Surprise Party
I decided to throw my Mom a surprise birthday party. She once told me she haven't had a party since her 10th birthday. I secretly invited all her close family, friends and colleagues. The look on her face was priceless when she seen everyone. I was so glad the party turned out to be a night to remember!

New Haircut
Janet went to get her hair cut. A new hairdresser attended her. When she was done, Janet looked in the mirror. The haircut was awful! Janet had to wear a hat for a long time.

The Ride
Sally's two dogs love to ride in in her car. Since she had errands to run today, she took them along. The weather was very nice so Sally opened the windows for them. Both of the dogs put their heads out of the window to feel the air. Once the errands were done, the dogs were not happy to go back home.

A New Toy
Jon was at the airport. He had two hours before his flight back home. He decided to go shopping. He bought his son a toy from the airport mall. His son loved the toy!

Horseback Riding Accident
Jane loved to go horseback riding. One day, she was riding her horse on the trail. Suddenly, the horse bucked, causing Jane to fall. Jane injured her back and her leg. After she recovered, Jane got right back to riding.

The Sailing Trip
The boat was moored at the dock. It was all loaded up and ready to set sail. The students boarded the boat ready to take off. The instructor took the boat out into the open ocean. The students had a great time learning how to sail that day.

Visit to the Farm
Our family decided to visit the farm on Saturday. We packed a picnic lunch and drove out to the country to the farm. We visited all of the farm animals and their babies. I liked the baby lambs best of all! We ate our lunch by the pond and then went home again.

Linens
Hannibal was in the market for a new set of sheets. He wanted something tough and undecorated. Hannibal settled on some off-white flannel sheets. Hannibal found them a bit stiff at first, but very durable. Overall, Hannibal was pleased with his choice.

The Storm
Rob and Mary go camping. After a long day hiking they go to sleep. Mary is frightened by sound of booming thunder. She and Rob leave the campground in a hurry. They spend the night safely in a motel.

Making a blanket.
Judy's grandma was teaching her how to make a blanket. Judy was cutting and tying tassels along the blankets edge. She started to get bored and wandered off to play with toys. Her grandma was annoyed, and yelled a her. Judy quickly returned and finished the blanket.

The Long Nap
Larry was tired from work. He decided to take a short nap. When he woke up there was still light on. Larry checked the time and it was actually the morning. He had slept throughout the afternoon and night.

Quad Cane
I had a stroke in 2011, and could not walk for 8 weeks. I walked out of rehab with a hemi walker. It looked like a step stool. After home rehab, I was able to switch to a quad cane. I felt very happy.

Horses
My Daddy and I used to ride horses together on Saturdays, his day off. He taught me how to saddle a horse, and climb on the left side always. One day, my horse decided to roll on the ground with me riding her! I couldn't get my feet out of the stirrups quick enough to jump off. Daddy jumped off his horse, ran over to mine, then pulled her up.

The Audition
Emily wanted to go to college and study music. She worked hard to prepare an audition piece to sing. At her audition, she sang for the professors and took a music test. The professors were impressed by her audition. The offered her a music scholarship to the college.

Long Shot
One team was up by a lot of points in a bowling match. The began to take really cocky rolls to show off. The team captain took his turn without looking at the pins. His ball managed to take out 6 pins. He picked up the spare and the team was still quite ahead.

Downtown
There are a lot of bars downtown. My friends and I decided to go to a few last weekend. We started out at one and drank too much. We tried to make it to the second one but it was too late. Instead we got a cab and went home.

Trip to the Beach
Kelly was excited to go to the beach with her family. Her family had not been to the beach in a very long time. When Kelly arrived at the beach, she was shocked at how nice it was. Immediately Kelly and her family ran into the water. The water felt amazing and Kelly knew she made the right choice.

Football Saturday
The young couple had a weekend free of obligations. They decided to go to the local college's afternoon football game. They arrived at the stadium and scalped tickets from a stranger. They bought snacks and found their seats. Their team won the game after an exciting finish!

Cheer up
Tina wanted to go swimming. It was snowing outside. She started pouting. Her friend suggested they go to an indoor pool. Tina perked up and spent the day happily swimming.

Staying late
Two janitors were anxious to leave the school and go home. There was still one job to do but it only required one janitor. The two janitors flipped a coin to see who would stay. One janitor flipped the coin and it hit the ground. The coin eventually settled on tails.

Know When to Fold
Alan thought he would make a good poker player. He had seen it on tv, and it looked easy. He decided to enter a poker tournament. Alan lost in the first round. He now realized that he may need a lot of practice to be good at it.

Political Rally
I went to a political rally a couple weeks ago. I waited in line for 45 minutes just to get in. The place was hot and crowded. The speech was like a broken record. I didn't hear anything new or exciting at the rally.

Dogs
Lori is very lonely. She lives alone. One day she decides to get a dog. The dog is very friendly. Lori is not lonely anymore.

Sad puppy
Sady got a puppy for Christmas. She stayed with it all during Christmas break. Sady then had to go back to work. The puppy then cried every day. The pup is a sad puppy.

Jack's Big Bookshelf
Jack bought a large bookshelf from the furniture store. He used a large cart to move the bookshelf to his van. He discovered that the bookshelf was too big to fit inside the van. Jack called his friend for help. Jack's friend arrived in his large pick-up truck to help Jack.

Banana
Three days ago I brought a banana to school for lunch. I forgot the banana in my locker. Today I went to get the banana and it had turned black. I threw the banana away. I decided not to leave food in my locker ever again.

Winning a contest.
Danny entered his film into a contest. He had to wait weeks to hear the results. Finally, the winner was announced. Danny won second place. He claimed his prize later.

Elephant
Joe like to go to the zoo. It was his favorite thing to do. One year he went and ran to the elephant area. It was his favorite animal there. The elephant exhibit was closed that day and ruined Joe's time there.

Big Rig
Brian always wanted drive a big rig. He went to school to get his license. He got his license at the school. He drives big rigs for a living now. He couldn't be happier.

Golden Model
Goldie was a model known for her temperamental nature. Her violent behavior was affecting her ability to get jobs. She finally scored a shoot at an asylum. She thought she'd done very well. The staff agreed and forcefully invited her to stay with them.

Noisy Cat
James couldn't get any sleep. His cat kept jumping into his bed. He tried putting his car outside his room. His cat would claw and meow at the door. James was able to get the cat to be quiet by feeding her catnip.

Dinner
Our son celebrated his 27th birthday today. We took him out to a local Italian restaurant. We asked his aunt to go as well. Traffic was bad and we were delayed. We had a very good dinner.

Lost List
Heather's mother asked her to go grocery shopping for her. Her mother gave her a shopping the list. Heather misplaced the list. At the store, she tried hard to remember all the items on the list. She made it home and disappointed her mother by forgetting things.

First Car
Bill started saving for his first car when he was 12. He worked every odd job he could for four years. He couldn't wait to be able to drive. On his 16th birthday he bought a new car. Ten years later he still has it and it's his pride and joy.

Snow at Last
Jill had gotten a sled for Christmas. It was early March but still not snow. She was afraid she wouldn't get to try her new sled. She woke up one Tuesday morning to the news that school was cancelled. There was six inches of snow outside, perfect for sledding!

Greg gets a dog
Greg always wanted his own dog. One day he decided to go to the pet store to get a dog. Greg picked out a beagle. At first the beagle was shy and nervous. Eventually Greg and his dog became very close.

Shady Allstars
Shady Allstars thinks they are the best gym around. They put down the other big gym in town often. Two of their best athletes leave big gym to join Shady Athletics. Shady Athletics has the best season ever with the two new athletes. The two new athletes think Shady Allstars best gym around, too.

Barber Shop Quartet
I started a comedic barber shop quartet at college. We put on shows in the music department. We also incorporated a lot of improv comedy in out act. People really responded well to our music. Our harmonies weren't perfect, but our jokes were.

Interview
I had an important job interview. I stayed up all night preparing for possible questions. By the next morning, I could barely stay awake. I dressed and drove to the interview in a blur. When there, I realized I was wearing two different shoes!

Boys' Night Out
Martin is going to the bar with his friends tonight. They get a table at the bar. They spend the whole night drinking. They flirt with girls until it is time to go home. Martin and his friends had a lot of fun at the bar.

Official Surprise
I was taking a walk through my neighborhood. I came upon three vehicles parked in the road. Two men were forcing a third man into the back seat of one vehicle. I saw that they had "SHERIFF" printed on their jackets. The third man was being arrested for drunken driving.

Great Dinner
Lucy was excited for dinner. Her grandmother let her choose hamburgers and french fries. Grandma wouldn't let Lucy put the pan into the oven. When the food finished Lucy took the tray out without asking. Grandma was angry, but also impressed Lucy wanted to learn to cook.

The Scary Day
Hallie hit her head hard on the floor. It caused her to pass out. It scared her mom so bad she called 911. The 911 dispatcher sent the paramedics. Hallie was awake by the time the paramedics arrived.

The Aquarium
When Robert was a child, his favorite place to go was the aquarium. He used to beg his parents to take him every weekend. Robert knew everything about fish and other sea animals. As he grew older, he turned his passion into a career. Robert is now a world famous Marine Biologist.

Tire
Mary noticed her car's front left tire was looking very low in air. She had to put extra air in the tire 3 times in 1 month. Jane took her car to The Tire Store, and they checked the tire. The tire had an air leak, and mechanic fixed the tire. Jane took the car home, happy they fixed the tire leak.

Jerry Learns to Ski
Jerry had always wanted to learn how to ski. He didn't have any friends interested in going with him. Finally, he decided to go alone. He scheduled lessons with a professional for his first day. Jerry can now be found on the slopes every winter weekend.

Cakewalk
Jan made a special cake for the cake walk. She set it on a table, ready to be chosen by a winner. Jan felt let down as she kept waiting for her cake to be picked. Finally, Jan bought some tickets for the cake walk. She played until she won and went home with her cake.

A Death In The Family
Gina's grandpa had passed away. Her mother was worried about her grandma living alone. It was decided she would move in with them. But she lived 400 miles away. They would drive out of town and move her, and her things there.

My new lawn mower
I bought a new mower last summer. I wasn't sure at first how to run the mower. I took the mower for a test drive. I was not used to the way it turned. I eventually got the hang of it.

Sticky Mess
Bob walked across a parking lot to return to his car on a hot day. The day was so hot the tar on the parking lot began to melt. The sticky tar stuck to Bob's shoes. Bob tried to scrape off the tar from his shoes at his car. He had to take off his shoes because they were still sticky.

water
Kim loved to go hiking. There was one problem. Her water was always hot when she drank it. She decided to bring frozen water with her. By the time she was thirsty, it was melted and cold.

Neighbor
Jane's neighbor was playing his music loudly in his car. Jane waited and waited till she could take no more. Jane went to her neighbor's car and knocked on the window. She asked him politely to turn the music down. Jane was pleasantly surprised when he did so without incident.

The Tornado
Charles went to visit his relatives in Greensboro Kansas. When he arrived, the news reported a tornado coming. The tornado was one of the harshest in the town's history. Schools, homes and hospitals were wiped out. Charles' relatives were homeless.

Repair by Damage
Chad went to get the wheel alignment measured on his car. The mechanic drove the car around the block to check. As he turned, he hit another driver. Chad took a look at the new damage on the car. The mechanic provided a working alignment with new body work.

College rejection
Susie was nervous to get her college application letter back. She applied to Yale and was nervous she would not get in. Thankfully the mail came early today. She ran to the mailbox. Susie got rejected and felt disappointed.

Erasers
Mark loved to prank his teacher Mrs Davison. He would throw erasers at her every time she turned around. Mark saw that she wasn't looking so he grabbed an eraser and threw it. She turned around quickly and caught it, throwing it back at Mark. After Mark was hit in the eye he decided he would never prank again.

Tibby
Tibby is the name of our black and white four-year old cat. We adopted Tibby from a shelter for stray cats. We got Tibby to catch mice that were bedevilling our condo. Tibby did not catch a mouse, but we never saw one after we got her. We ended up loving this cat.

Warm Bread
The cat was looking for a place to take a nap. It specifically wanted some place warm. It tried the TV, but it was too loud. It tried the couch, but it was too cold. Finally it settled on a warm loaf of bread.

The mall play place
The mom and baby wanted to go to the play place in the mall. They went to the mall. They played in the play place. They had a very fun time. The mom decided to go back next week.

Finch and the Fish
Finch loved to go fishing with his friends. He was always seeking new places to catch fish. He caught all of the fish from his favorite lake. Finch left the lake and looked for new lakes to fish. Finch found a new lake and caught many more fish.

Boyo.
We used to go to the park all the time. One afternoon we went as usual. My brother decided to crawl on the floor. He cut open his knee. He needed 19 Stitches that night.

Drums
Lenore thought it would be fun to learn to play drums. She bought a kit and set it up in her room. She spent days trying to get basic rhythms down. Her roommates talked to her about how loud it was. Lenore decided to return the drums.

Easter Dress
Wanda was determined to have her toddler daughter look cute on Easter. Usually the little girl wore second hand, slightly raggedy clothing. Wanda put lots of care into sewing a yellow ruffled dress for her. On Easter her work paid off - the little girl was completely adorable. Unfortunately she was also covered in mud after ten minutes.

last minute
I had to go the the store. We needed Easter supplies. My wife and I had been sick all week. The store was out of almost all the Easter stuff. I managed to find just enough stuff.

It's Electric!
The engineer at the power plant watched the monitors intently. A system failure was taking place in sector 7. Fixing the failure meant shutting down everything. He never got to do something so influential. As he shut down the plant, he thought that's how God felt.

Return flight
Amy was visiting her mother out of town. The trip was ending and she was more than ready to go home. At the airport the airline were unable to find her boarding info. She checked her email and realized her return flight was tomorrow. Amy climbed into her mother's car, embarrassed to have made a mistake.

New Hire
Tina needs to hire people to work for her. This is new to her and she doesn't know how to go about it. She takes out an ad in the newspaper. Calls come pouring into Tina filled with potential people. Tina hires four hard working people!

Picnic Fun
The Johnson's had a beach picnic. They decided to play a friendly game of beach volleyball. They set up the net on the sand. As the game went on, the tide started to rise. The Johnson's had to relocate due to high tide.

Liv the Construction Worker
Liv worked as a construction worker. One day, she fell from atop a ladder. She tried to get workman's compensation, but her boss denied. Liv sued her boss, and won the case. Now she lives on disability, and her boss had to close his company.

Baseball
Eli and his brother go to a baseball game. They have very good seats on the first base line. A player fouls a ball right into their section. Eli dives after the ball and gets it. He waits after the game to see if he can get an autograph.

Caribbean Cruise
Toni's dream was to sail on a Caribbean cruise. She worked hard for many years to save money. Finally she had saved up enough to go on the cruise. As soon as the cruise left, Toni began feeling seasick. Toni spent the entire week feeling sick in her room.

Toy Train
Percy was assembling a toy train track for his nephew. When his nephew Tim arrived, he was fascinated by the train. He put the engine on full speed. The train went too fast for the track, and fell off. It careened towards the toy town, and destroyed everything.

Drawing Class
Jen attended her weekly drawing class. The instructor told the students to take out all of their tools. He began the class by drawing a face on the board. Jen tried to copy the same face. However, her drawing came out with many flaws.

Tour
The tour guide greeted us in a friendly manner. He took us to several attractions and buildings. I was able to get a better glimpse of the city. Afterwards, we stopped at a restaurant to eat food. I enjoyed the service and thanked the tour guide.

The Ferguson's New Pet
The Ferguson family wanted to get a puppy. Before they went to the pet store, they heard a noise outside. When they looked outside, they saw a little white dog. She looked cold and hungry. They took her in and decided to keep her!

Best Time
Bill started on his daily run around the block. He was frustrated that he hadn't been able to lower his run time. As he round the 2nd turn a dog broke loose from his chain. Bill ran had to stay ahead of the barking dog. Safe at home once more, bill noted that was his best timed run.

Nothing To Talk About
Gina and her cousin didn't get along. But they were both visiting their grandma's house at the same time. They sat on the porch and tried to have a conversation. But they couldn't find much to talk about. They sat on the porch in an awkward silence.

Alysha's Lunch
Alysha forgot to take her lunch to school. She called her sister to bring her some lunch. Her sister stopped at Sonic and bought Alysha a hamburger and fries. She took the lunch to Alysha at school. Alysha was very happy to have some food for lunch.

The Jawbreaker
Hank's friend Lou showed up at his house with two giant jawbreakers. Hank had no idea how he was going to get it into his mouth! He opened as wide as he could, but it wasn't going in. Then he just started licking it. Eventually it would be small enough to fit into his mouth!

Follow Me
Ann's boyfriend asked her to follow him in one of his prized cars. Ann was nervous, but she didn't want to disappoint. The boyfriend told Ann to follow his car so she wouldn't get lost. Ann focused on his bumper and followed it without fail. She ended up following him right into a ditch.

Bad Attitude
Mike always fancied himself a good basketball player. He was the most talented player on his team, but never practiced. Furthermore, he rarely put in effort unless the team was winning. His teammates got tired of his attitude and kicked him off the team. It was only then that Mike realized he had been a bad teammate.

Farm Fun
Mary went to visit a farm. She stayed there all day learning about all of the animals. The animals loved having Mary around. Mary decided to start visiting the farm more often. She is now a full time volunteer at the farm and loves it.

Organic Chemistry
Pepper was having a difficult time is her Chemistry class. She decided to go to the tutoring center to get some help. The tutor spoke to Pepper in a way she easily understood. To celebrate passing the class, Pepper invited her tutor to dinner. Dinner went great and they have been best friends ever since.

Holiday Decorating
Ed was decorating his home for the holidays. He had a string of lights he wanted to put up. He couldn't find anywhere that they would fit. Suddenly, he had the idea to wrap it around a banister. He did, and it looked great.

Traveling to England
Mary always wanted to travel after she finished her studies. When she graduated from university she searched for a job in England. Mary was able to find a job working for a Youth Hostel. She moved to the UK shortly afterward and began her job. Mary loved working in England and happily stayed for six months.

Fall From Grace
A packaging foam salesman tried to show off his great product. He set up a pad of foam and jumped off a building on to it. Spectators were amazed when he wasn't hurt from the fall. People bought the foam without the intent to use it for shipping. Everyone set up their own pads and jumped off their house on to it.

Karina's Project
Karina had a school project that was due the next day. She was very anxious because she thought she wouldn't get it done. After struggling for a while, she stood up and walked around. This helped her clear her mind and got the confidence to finish it. She managed to finish the project and score a good grade too.

Alcohol
Greg was an alcoholic. He would drink and get drunk all day, everyday. This caused many problems with his friends and family. He ended up having to go to rehab. He is now sober.

Unfavorable Outcome
Billy noticed that he had a fever and tried to stay in bed. His mom came to him and placed her hand on his head. She immediately took me to the emergency room. The hospital staff forced me to stay over night. I had to call off from work since I'll be in the hospital.

Baby is coming
Jill was 9 months pregnant. She was having contractions and started timing them. She told her husband it was time to get to the hospital. Jill was in pain and told her husband to call an ambulance. She gave birth to a beautiful baby girl in the ambulance.

Aboard
Barbara had a train ticket. She was planning to go on a vacation. She waited in line. It was finally her turn to aboard. She forgot her ticket at home and couldn't go.

Goats
Tom was a farmer. It was the season to harvest hay. He worked all day long to get his hay harvested. The next morning, he came out to find one of the bales gone! His goats had eaten it all up.

Summer job
David saw the toy in the window, he wanted it desperately. His dad told him no, that they couldn't afford it. David sulked in his room, but decided he knew how he could get it. He began raking leaves and shoveling snow. Three weeks later, he bought the toy himself and his dad was proud.

Fire Drill
There was a fire drill at Bill's job one morning. Everyone grumbled as the walked out in the cold. Bill ran to the closet to get his coat before he left. Outside everyone was cold but Bill. Bill began to feel bad so he offered his coat to anyone.

Track
Finian worked as a coach at a local high school. He raised money to get the school a new track. He donated the funds to the school. Due to a budget emergency, the donation was diverted to pay for staff. Finian never spent his time fundraising ever again.

Jury duty
Dan's favorite band was playing in a far-away city. After thinking about it, he decided to go on a road trip to see them. He excitedly bought his ticket. A few days before the concert, he was summoned for jury duty. He was selected as a juror and had to miss the show.

The hot boardwalk.
Maya was at the lake with family. They were at a dock fueling up one day. She wanted to walk to the general store on the dock. The board was too hot for her feet. She managed to walk only in shadows and stay cool.

Bonding
Lukas and his dad did not get along. They fought all the time. Lukas's mother suggested they find something to bond over. They decided to watch soccer together, because they both liked it. Now, they get along very well, because they found common ground.

A Dog's Bath
Harper the dog hates to take baths. She needs a bath to remove the stink of the sewers of Rome. Jack, her owner, chased her through the house. Jack closed the door, trapping Harper in a closed space. He placed Harper in the water as she thrashed back and forth.

Tommy Saves the Day
Tommy's dad owned his own company. His dad died of a heart attack. Tommy didn't know much about the company, but wouldn't give up. Tommy kept practicing and kept getting better. Tommy made the big sale and saved the company.

Gerald and the job
Gerald was short on money one day. He decided that since he had free time, he would get a job. Gerald applied at many places until he got a cashier job. He went to the interview and impressed the interviewer. Gerald got the job the next day and started making money.

Leftover Candy
Nancy got containers to put away the leftover candy after Halloween. She organized the candy bars, hard candy, and chewy candy. She put each category of candy into a container. She labeled the containers with the date. She put the containers away in the cabinet.

lemonade stand
Chris needed some extra cash for clothes and CDs. She set up a small lemonade stand in her front yard. Neighbors and passersby stopped there all day. At the end of the day she counted her earnings. Chris was very pleased with how much she'd earned!

The pool prank.
Will was at the pool with some girls. They dared him to take his swim trunks off. Once they were off, one of the girls grabbed the trunks. She quickly threw them on a fence. He had to climb out naked and retrieve his trunks.

Tough Trail
Chase was all set to go. He had his backpack on and all his supplies were in it. He left the cabin and began walking on the trail. Soon, the trail got very tough and grueling. Chase battled through it and made it to his campsite.

Fred Visits the Cemetery
Fred has always been scared of the cemetery. His friends tease him for this irrational fear. One day Fred decides to face his fear and visit the cemetery. Instead of being scared, Fred finds the cemetery beautiful. He is very proud of himself for facing his fear.

Lost and found
Matt was playing catch with Bob. Matt shot the ball too high. It went to the neighbor's yard. The neighbors yard was very scary. They never went to get the ball back.

Spring Break
Mary wanted to take her children to the Aquarium during spring break. When they got there the line to get in was very long. Mary didn't want to wait and hour or more. She took her kids and walked over to the nearly empty Field Museum. They spent a fun afternoon looking at dinosaurs fossils.

The Perfect Present
Eliot never knew what to get his mother for her birthday. No matter how much money he spent, she always seemed dissatisfied. Even expensive jewelry failed to make much of an impression. At a loss, Eliot penned a heartfelt letter expressing his feelings. His mother was overjoyed and hugged him delightedly.

Date Night
Mr Blue is taking Mrs Blue out on a date. They decide to go to the Italian restaurant downtown. When they get there, the wait is over two hours! They decide to try a different restaurant instead. The two decided to eat sushi instead.

The Oops
I got in my car and began to drive home. My mind wandered to thoughts of sending a text message. I reached for my phone and could not find it. I felt around the car for where the phone was. I could not locate it in my car.

Put Them Away
Gina had finally gotten her pencil back from Dave. It had taken 2 people and 5 minutes of chasing. Gina decided to put her pencils away so he couldn't take them. She put them in her desk and left for the day. She was sure her pencils would be safe in the classroom overnight.

Leroy is impatient.
Leroy and his friends wanted to have some drinks. They go to the bar but have to wait in line outside. After 10 minutes Leroy got a bit too impatient. He runs through the door yelling his own name aloud. The bouncers stop him and tell him that was a bad move.

Sent Away
My niece's boyfriend got out on parole. He went to live with her. She told him he could not get drunk. He got drunk and she called the police. He was sent away for violating parole.

Hoarding
Betty loved to collect items. She collected items of all kinds. Betty would buy things daily and store them in her home. Eventually her home was full of random items that she didn't use. Betty's children realized that she was a severe hoarder.

Raining hard
Joe was in his house. He wanted to go play. However it began to rain hard. He was sad. He got happy when he decided to watch tv instead.

No phone service.
Briana was at the lake with her friend's family. She wanted to call her mom to say goodnight. Unfortunately, they couldn't get cell service. Briana was really upset but tried to stay positive. Luckily, the next day they found cell service nearby.

Running
Emily was a Cross Country runner. She liked to run long distances up to 10 miles. One day, Emily's car broke down. Emily needed to get to work. Emily decided to run to a friend's house to borrow their extra car.

Dinosaurs
Carter has had an obsession with dinosaurs since he was very little. His mom decided to take him to a dinosaur exhibit. Carter was so excited he could barely stand still in line. He inspected each and every dinosaur at the exhibit. Carter thought this day was the best in his entire life.

Shopping For Thanksgiving
My fiancee and I are preparing dessert for our Thanksgiving dinner. We went out shopping tonight to pick up what we needed. We started at a grocery store to get ingredients to bake pies. After that, we stopped at a home goods store to get pie pans. Now we have everything we need to make really great homemade pies!

roses choice
Rose had a big party planned and was nervous. She had decided to wed a man her family might disapprove of in theory. She wanted everyone to be in a good mood and give him a fair chance. She was pleasantly surprised when everyone already knew and was happy. A year later they found out they were pregnant.

Nap Time
The man was up late the night before. He was really tired while he was working on the computer. He decided he should take a short nap. When he woke up he felt much better. Now while he is working on the computer he isn't as tired.

The Not So Lonely Kitten
Sara saw a stray kitten by her doorstep one day. She put out food for him to eat outside. Sara played with the kitten for hours. When she woke up the next morning, she was shocked! The kitten brought three others for food and play at Sara's doorstep!

Francine Loves Fashion
Francine had always dreamed of being a fashion designer. Her family told her not to leave her low-risk accounting job. However, Francine decided to go to night classes to learn design. Francine worked very hard and eventually became a fashion designer. She was so proud that she followed her dreams.

Application
Beth decided on a University she wanted to attend. It was a private school and she was concerned she may not get in. Beth applied to 2 other schools as back ups. The back ups accepted her but the main one was still undecided. When Beth received a letter she was devastated to have been rejected.

You
It had been another horrible day and he was finally headed home. He wanted to give up. He could only deal with so much. He got home, opened the door and saw his wife. He remembered that she was his reason to keep going.

John's Idea
Jessica was trying to write a short story. She needed ideas, so she asked her friends for help. Her friends said she should look at pictures to help get ideas. Jessica looked at some pictures online, and she found some ideas. Jessica wrote her story and her friends thought it was good.

Shared Wardrobes
Sue shared everything with her best friend Sal. When Sal died, Sue went to her closet to dress for the funeral. She put on a dress borrowed from Sal months earlier. At the funeral, Sue approached the coffin. Inside, Sal wore a dress she had borrowed from Sue.

Casey's Horse
Casey tried and tried to get the horse to come to her. No matter how hard she tried, he always stayed just out of reach. She began leaving little piles of cut up apples in the pasture. Every day, she would leave little piles while the horse watched. One day, she felt a nudge as she was leaving apples--it was the horse!

Stadium Lights
Mel worked with a company that put up stadium lights. It was hard and dangerous work. She hoped to one day become a manager at the company. That would allow her to have a safe role in the company. Much to her disappointment, a friend of Mel's was promoted instead.

Loud
I was standing behind a man at the store the other day. He was speaking loudly to everyone around him about his problems. When he'd see a black man or a Muslim woman walk by he'd comment. I found it all very rude but I did not say anything. I smiled, nodded, and thanked God when he finally left.

Sean Drives a Truck
Sean has always wanted to drive a pickup truck. His father tells him he can drive the family truck when he is older. One day Sean and his father go grocery shopping. On the way home, Sean's father lets Sean drive the truck. Sean feels proud that he has earned his father's trust.

tetanus
Anna stepped on a rusty nail. She went to the emergency room to get it removed. It hurt badly. Then the doctor gave her a tetanus shot. That hurt even worse!

Catching a fish.
Alison was on a camping trip. She decided to try to catch a fish. At first, she wasn't getting any bites. She decided to throw some food into the water. Fish swarmed the food and she caught several.

Grocery Trip
Ana needed to buy more groceries for the work week. She drove to the store. She put eggs, milk, bread, and cheese into her cart. She went to the checkout area and paid for all her food. She drove home and had enough food for the week!

The Pencil Holder
Robbie struggled to hold his pencil correctly. His first grade teacher was always pestering him about it. He was getting so frustrated he didn't want to go to school. Then his mother found him a special pencil grip attachment. Robbie, his teacher, and his mother were all thrilled when it worked!

Surprise
Linda has always wanted a surprise birthday party. This year she was turning 50, and hoped she'd finally get one. Linda's sister has knew about her wanting a surprise. Her sister told all of Linda's friends about the surprise party. Linda was so happy to finally get the surprise birthday party.

New tattoo
Kelsi decided to get a new tattoo. She really wanted a star on her wrist. She drove over to the parlor to get it done. When she walked in she sat down and got it done. It hurt but the pain was worth it.

Casserole
Martha made a casserole to take to her work potluck. When the time for the potluck came, everyone was eager to eat. They all took some of the casserole and ate it. Everyone complimented Martha's cooking. Now Martha brings the same casserole to every potluck.

Making pizzas
I invited my friends over to make pizzas. When they came over we started making them. We got the ingredients and put them in the oven. After a while we smelled smoke. We realized we burnt the pizzas.

Vacation Choice
The Taylors wanted to take a vacation. They all brought up the different places they could go. The young ones wanted theme parks and entertainment. The older ones wanted rest and entertainment. They made the decision to go to Pigeon Forge.

Fishing Trip
Ted and Frank went on a fishing trip together. Ted caught over a dozen large bass and Frank caught nothing. Ted knew that Frank wanted to bring some fish home to his family. He gave all of the fish he caught to Frank who was glad to have them. After the trip Frank invited Ted to have dinner with his family.

Jill's First Date
Jill was a very quiet, shy girl. She was in 10th grade and had never been on a date. She had a crush on the boy that set next to her in math. She didn't think he liked her back, but one day he asked her out! They went to the movies together that Friday and had a great time.

Impulse Purchase
Sam was always impulsive. His wife sent him to get groceries. Sam went to the store and got sidetracked. He wound up buying several things he didn't need. His wife was upset with him.

The Search for Pie Face
Brian was really hoping to get the Pie Face game for Christmas. Every time the commercial came on, he told him mom about it. His mom looked all over for the game. Every store, online and off, was sold out of Pie Face. Sadly, Brian did not get the game that year.

Getting to School
When Dan goes to school in the morning, he has to take the bus. One day Dan was running late, and missed the bus to school. Dan called his friend Pete, and asked for a ride to school. Pete gave Dan a ride to school, but Dan was late to his first class. Luckily Dan wasn't late to any of his other classes that day.

Small Fish
Eva was going fishing. And she was eager to catch a large fish. But minutes went by and nothing happened. Then she felt something big grab her fishing rod. But it was just a tiny fish.

Get Up Quickly
Gina had fallen on ice in the middle of the street. She hopped to her feet quickly trying to get to her car. The door stood open and a car was coming fast. She hopped in the car quickly and put it in drive. She was able to move her car just as the other car was approaching.

Race Track
Jake loved car races. When he was a kid his dad would take him to the local ones. As he grew older he saved up for driving lessons. Eventually he got into the sport. He was able to make a decent living off of it.

Stray
Nala saw an adorable stray cat. She approached it to pet it. But as she put her hand out, it clawed at her fiercely! Nala withdrew her hand to nurse her gouges. She realized it had been unwise to try to pet a stray cat.

New ipad
Lori decided to get a new ipad She was in the midst of getting the brand new one. As she arrived at the Apple Store they were having a sale. Lori got all excited. She immediately picked up the gold one she wanted.

BackFire
Jim had just learned to drive and was new to parallel parking. He had to back into a small space when parking at school. Some mean boys were trying to distract him by yelling and laughing. He finally decided to scare them and move backwards really fast. The only problem was that he forgot to put the car in reverse!

Not Quite Yet
Gina's father had come back to Illinois. She was told they would leave when for home when he returned. The next morning she awoke, excited to be leaving. She sat on the edge of her seat for hours waiting to leave. By noon she realized, this wasn't the day they were leaving.

Sports
Ted played basketball for his high school team. He stayed after practice to work on his game every day. He put in a lot of hard work. He worked especially hard on his three point shot. During the next game, he led all teams in scoring.

Jeff's luck
Jeff wanted to go on a road trip. He didn't have enough money to go. One day he bought a scratching ticket. He won 500$. Jeff ended up going on a road trip.

Zoe Attends a Concert
Zoe learns that her favorite band will be playing in town next week. She decides to buy a ticket. Zoe takes the long subway ride to the concert stadium. The show is amazing! She is very happy that she got to see her favorite band perform.

Carrie's Cat
Carrie liked to take long walks down the road. One day, a skinny cat staggered out of the bushes beside the road. Carrie wrapped the cat up in her sweater and took it home. Carrie fed the cat and made it a warm bed. The cat became Carrie's favorite pet.

Zoe for President
Zoe wanted to be her class president more than anything. She spent hours making fliers and posters promoting herself. She put up the papers all over her school for everyone to see. Everyone saw how great she was and voted for her. Zoe won the votes for class president.

Contact Lenses
Rosie comes home late from a party and goes straight to bed. She forgot to take out her contact lenses. Rosie wakes up with very dry and painful eyes. Even after removing her contacts, her eyes are still irritated. She learns her lesson and vows never to neglect her eyes again.

Clarence's Project
Clarence decided to take on a project for the summer. He decided that he would restore an old car. Clarence and his father picked up an old Corvette. All summer long, Clarence toiled over the car. At the end of the summer, he had a nice new car.

A Day at the Beach
Jennifer had worked hard all week. She really wanted to get away and relax. She called a friend, convincing him to go to the beach with her. It was a beautiful sunny, warm day. They had a fun day at the shore.

Tough Veins
Kina wanted to have an epidural during her labor. To get the epidural she needed an iv put in her arm. Kina's veins were small and kept rolling. It took 12 attempts and 5 nurses to get her i've done. Kina's arms were very sore the next day.

rainy
Ricky's grandma told him to take an umbrella with him. His grandma claimed to know when it was going to rainy. Ricky laughed and left without the umbrella. As he drove, rainy began to pour from the sky. Ricky realized that he should have listened to his grandmother.

Scared
Fred was at a theme park and wanted to ride a roller coaster. He entered the long line and waited for hours. As he got close to the front of the line, he began getting nervous. At the last second, he decided to leave. But when he went home, he regret not riding the roller coaster.

The Vet
Yesterday I had a vet appointment for my dog, Brody. He seemed really nervous all day. When it was time to go I had a really hard time getting him in the car Once we got there he really liked the vet. I don't think I will have a problem again.

Javier's Toy Car
Javier has always asked his parents for a toy car. They know toy cars are expensive but they decide to get him one. On Christmas morning Javier's toy car is sitting under the tree. He takes it out for a first drive around the house. Unfortunately, the toy car isn't nearly as fun as he had imagined.

New Cloths
Julie recently lost 100 pounds and was very proud. However, none of her clothes fit any more. She decided to get new cloths. She spent a whole day shopping with her friends. Julie was happy with all her new cloths.

College essay
Tina had to write a great essay to get into college. She was worried because she doubted her writing skills. She decided to write about her own life. She did her very best on her essay. She was delighted to hear the college had accepted her!

Sunburn
Bobby went to the beach. He forgot to put on sunscreen. He fell asleep in the sun. He got a bad sunburn. Bobby felt miserable.

Cosplaying
Burt decided to go to Comic Con. He figured he would dress up in a costume. He wondered if he should go as Mario or Luigi. He decided he was too tall to go as Mario. He went as Luigi.

Amy
Amy was playing hide and seek with her daughter. She hid first. Her daughter found her quickly. But then she couldn't find her hiding daughter anywhere! Amy had to admit that she had lost the game!

That's a Huge Bug
An huge bug hovering around some red flowers caught Liz's attention. She ran to get her mother. Her mother explained it was not a bug, it was a hummingbird. While it would be very big for a bug, it was tiny for a bird. Liz watched in amazement as it sucked nectar from the flowers.

Playing the Sampler
I bought a new sampler. Before I could play it, I needed to set it up. I tried to get it to work, but it wouldnt turn on. After tinkering, I finally got it to work. I sat down and tried to figure out how to play it.

Tim Hosts a Surprise Party
Tim wanted to throw a surprise birthday party for his friend Martha. Tim planned an elaborate party at his house. He surprised Martha with guests and a birthday cake after work. Martha was so appreciative. Martha gave Tim a big hug afterwards for being so thoughtful.

The Christmas Tree
Charles decided to go look for a Christmas tree. He walked to the woods behind his house. He searched for hours until he found the perfect tree. When he found it he chopped it down. He took it home and decorated the tree.

Concert
Erin had a piano recital on Saturday night. She had been practicing for weeks to get better. On Friday, her final practice was without error. On Saturday, she was not nervous at all. Since she was so confident, she did perfect!

The unexpected accident
One day I went for a walk A speeding car came speeding past me All of the sudden I heard a crash I approached the crash scene by foot eventually It was the car that sped past me earlier

Presentation
Andy had to give a presentation at a conference on a fungus. He was very nervous and drank two glasses of wine before hand. He gave the presentation and thought he did alright. He didn't notice that his sweater was on backwards. He got good reviews on his talk anyway.

The flight issue.
Carlin needed to put her daughter on a flight. They had an issue with her ID checking in. The time made them miss the flight entirely. Carlin had to work the issue out at the desk. Her daughter was finally able to board a plane hours later.

No Milk
Jane was late for school. So she decided to have cereal for breakfast instead of pancakes. But after she put cereal in a bowl, she could not find any milk. She continued to search. But ended up putting the cereal in a bag and taking it with her.

tent
Rocco went camping with his brother. Neither of them had ever camped before. As night fell they tried to set up their tent. But neither boy could figure out how to do it! They ended up in just their sleeping bags that night.

Coffee Here Coffee There
I'm an avid coffee drinker and I always have been. I've tried coffee from all over including different countries. Sometimes I make it at home and sometimes I go out to get it. For some reason the gas station by my house has the best coffee. It's my place of choice when I'm out getting coffee.

work
Sam was as work he decides to get a soda from the vending machine. It swallowed his dollar. He kept on purchasing more. He ended up losing 10 bucks

Up Late
Kevin begged his parents to let him stay up late. Finally they relented. They said he could stay up till midnight. Kevin was so happy! But as eleven o'clock neared - he fell asleep!

Too Much
Bob was eating a muffin. But it wasn't tasty enough. So he put tons of butter and jam on it. But afterwards, he felt sick. Bob decided to use butter and jam more conservatively from then on.

Snow Day
Ed had to go clean the walk in freezer at work. He scraped ice off all the walls. There was so much ice scrapings that he made a snowman. He put the small snow man in front of the door. When his boss went in next he was amused by the snow man.

School
MaryAnne did not want to start kindergarten. She was afraid her teacher would be mean. She would rather stay at home. MaryAnne's mother tried to reassure her. When she came home from her first day, she couldn't wait to go back!

Yard
Jill looked out the window at her ugly backyard. She wanted to go out and enjoy it but couldn't. Jill decided to fix up the yard so she could enjoy it. Jill planted flowers and bought herself outdoor furniture. Jill now sits outside enjoying her beautiful back yard.

Hiccups
Pam had the hiccups. It was lasting more than 10 minutes. She tried everything but couldn't get rid of them. Pam became very frustrated. She started to watch TV and didn't notice her hiccups anymore.

Lost Dog
It was Sara's turn to let the dog outside. Sara opened the front door and let the dog run out. A couple hours later Sara remembered the dog and went to let him in. She noticed the gate was open and her dog was missing. Sara rushed to tell her mom that the dog was missing.

Skateboarding
Tom loved to skateboard. One day he asked his parents to go to a skate park. His parents said yes. His parents drove him to the skatepark. Tom had fun at the skatepark.

Dread
Gina didn't want to go to school. She didn't want to sit at her desk near her old friends. She wanted to stay at home and mope. But her mother wouldn't allow her. Gina dressed slowly with a stomach full of dread.

Angry birds
Angry birds was once an app alone. Today you can get almost anything with angry birds. Paige just asked for an Angry bird game for her ps3. She even gave me the information for the store. I'll be buying it for Christmas.

The Big White Dog
Carl wanted very badly to have a dog of his very own. He decided he would go to the pound to rescue a dog. When he got to the pound, he saw a beautiful white dog. The dog looked at him with her big brown eyes, and he knew she was his Carl took the dog home and was very happy.

A Baby
Jill was a brand new wife to her wonderful husband James. She realized she was pregnant and told James and he was so happy. Jill and James couldn't wait to be parents and have their baby. They set up a room for the baby and celebrated every night. Jill had everything she wanted, a wonderful husband and a baby!

Bobby's Fishing Trip
Bobby is getting ready to go fishing. He packs up all his finishing gear. After packing up his gear, he makes sure he has enough food. He loads up everything into his car. Bobby is now ready to enjoy his weekend fishing.

Lost
Tasha is going to visit a friend. She buys a map so she won't get lost. Tasha doesn't understand the map. She is lost for 3 hours. After getting advice from a local, she is now on her way.

No invite
Clara was excited for the weekend. The only thing negative about the weekend was she didn't get an invite Her best friend didn't invite her to her birthday party. Clara was upset but learned to simply get over it. It made no sense for her to stay mad.

Coffee Accident
Sam made himself a nice hot cup of coffee. He set his mug on his desk. All of a sudden his mug cracked. Coffee spilled everywhere. The coffee ended up destroying Sam's work laptop.

Honeymoon
Elle and Ray did not want to go on a traditional honeymoon. They wanted to go somewhere exotic. They did not go to the Caribbean. Instead, they went to Asia! Elle and Ray saw strange new cultures, and loved it!

Salem's Trip to the Vet
The cat Salem needed to go to the vet. His owner put him into a cat carrier and took him to the car. Salem sat in his career and cried all the way to the vet's office. The vet examined Salem and gave him some shots. Salem's owner put him back into his carrier and took him home.

Squishy Food
Erin had two cats, Futo and Shoga. Both cats loved to eat a lot and they were fat. Erin wanted to give her cats a treat anyway. She opened a can of soft cat food and put it into dishes for them. The cats came running, and Erin was their favorite human once again!

Riding to grandmas.
Frankie was riding her bike. She didn't know where to ride next. Randomly, she decided to ride to her grandma's house. She arrived there and surprised her grandma. Then, her grandma made her some food.

The dance
I wanted to go to the dance with Mike. He was too shy to ask me. At lunch the next day I asked him to the dance. He said yes. We had a great time together at the dance.

When the kids can't sleep.
Molly put her son to bed. A few minutes later, he told her that he couldn't sleep. Molly put him in his bed and read him a story. She also gave him a warm glass of milk. Soon, she was able to soothe him to sleep.

Flu season
Kelsi was feeling great until she felt aches and pains. She decided to go to the doctor. The doctor told her she had the flu. As a result she had to be on bed rest for a week. Finally a week later she was all better.

Tom's Tuna
Tom owned a tuna farm. Every day he would get in the water with them. One day he was in the water checking on the tuna. Suddenly, a huge tuna swam under his legs and flipped him! Tom fell into the shallow water but got up quickly and laughed.

Rainy Day
Aislinn wanted to go outside and play. Unfortunately, it was raining. She decided to make the best of it. She put her coat and boots on and went out to play in the rain. She learned there are lots of ways to have fun, even in the rain.

Bedtime
Libby is very tired. She hates to go to bed because she really wants to read more. She decides one more chapter won't hurt. But Libby keeps nodding off while reading the same sentence. She decides she better just go to bed.

Cat in Tree
Joan walked by a cat stuck in a tree. She knew the cat needed help. Joan called the fire department to get the cat down. Once it was down, the cat meowed a lot. Joan took it home to be her cat.

New Cellphone
Jimmy was in the market for a new cellphone. He researched various websites to read reviews. He decided he wanted to get the Nexus 6. He ordered the phone from Amazon. The phone arrived the very next day.

Billy went to town
Billy needed to get some vegetables, so he took a trip to town. After driving for a bit, he settled on a shop that sold local produce. Once he was in the shop, he asked for some bread. The cashier had all kinds of bread for him. After he went home he made an awesome dinner.

The High Dive
Pete straight to the high dive in pool yard. He climbed the ladder to get to the top. The dive seemed much higher when he was on top. He closed his eyes and jumped. Pete made a huge splash and got everyone wet.

Jedi Ballerina
Cara liked girl things like dolls and dancing. Cara also liked playing superhero. One day, she decided to go to school as a Jedi princess. Some kids made fun of her. But other kids told her she looked cool!

Jogging
I went for a jog through the park this morning. I had to stop and wait for a group of ducklings to get out of my way. I ran in place to keep my heart rate up but felt foolish doing so. The ducks seemed to take forever to finishing crossing my path. From now on I'll be jogging around the block.

Tennis
Gary's cousin convinced him to take tennis lessons. Gary searched for a class being taught nearby. He went out and bought a racket. He showed up for his first lesson. To his surprise, Gary's instructor was his cousin.

Goals
Tom was an ambitious person. He set very high goals. He would usually not reach his goals. His goals were so high that there was glory in even failing. Tom was happy with his goal setting and reaching performance.

Bank Card
My sister in law was angry. She had to drive over an hour away to her bank. She needed a new bank card and pin. She called again and they said she could do it over the phone. She was happy as she did not want to drive in the rain.

Malaysia
I decided take a trip to Malaysia. I boarded the flight. It seemed to be going well until I realized I forgot my wallet. I arrived in Malaysia with no money. Luckily, the embassy helped me secure emergency funds!

Skiing Trip
I went on a skiing trip yesterday. We took the lift to the top of the mountain. I hit a rock, skiing on the way down, but I was OK. When I got to the bottom there was a cup of hot chocolate waiting. While drinking, I thought kept thinking that this was the best trip.

Tiling the Floor
Mika was remodeling her house. She decided to put new floor tiles in herself. It was a lot of hard work, and her knees ached afterwards. Her best friend came to visit, and complimented her work on the floor. In the end, she was glad to have done all that work.

The Movie Night
Jennifer liked to go to the movies with Ann. Most movie nights they watched dramas. One night they decided to see a scary movie instead. Neither one of them slept very well that night. They both decided that they did not like scary movies.

The uncomfortable hotel.
Destiny and her husband wanted to take a small trip. They decided to go to a hotel near their home for the night. In the hotel, they ordered pizza and watched movies all night. But the couple couldn't sleep. Finally, they decided to just go home.

Smoking
Jan wanted to stop smoking. He tried support groups and pills but nothing worked. Jan realized he could travel to a place where there are no cigarettes. He applied for a Job in Antarctica as a researcher and he got the job. After six month in Antarctica, Jan no longer craved cigarettes.

No Financial Aid
Stew decided to apply for financial aid late due to laziness. However, the tuition from his classes were in full. He decided to go to the financial aid office at his school. The representative told him that the deadline passed when he applied. He ended up dropping all of his classes.

Comrade
Someone stole Jill's motorcycle helmet. She couldn't ride the motorcycle home without a helmet. She looked for a motorcycle store nearby. There was one fairly close by. Jill bought her helmet and was able to get back home.

The Let Down
Amy was not getting along with her dorm mate Sue. She was excited to hear she could move to a new room. After a week of waiting she hadn't heard anything. Amy checked to find out when she could move. Amy was heartbroken to find out she couldn't move after all.

Javier Plays Basketball
Javier's parents tell him he should take up a sport to stay busy. He decides he wants to try basketball. Javier practices with his father before the season starts. Javier plays very well in the first game of the season. He is happy that he decided to play basketball.

The Bar
Tom and his friends went to the bar. Everyone drank beer. Tom and his friends were going to go home. They made the smart move and didn't drive. They called a cab and went home safely.

Carla Attends Law School
Carla is anxious about what career she will pursue after college. She can't decide whether to work or to pursue an advanced degree. Finally Carla decides to apply to law school. She is accepted at her top choice school! Carla is so happy that she knows what she will do after college.

Rufus Visits Florida
Rufus wanted to escape the cold weather for a vacation. He decided to book a trip to Florida. In Florida he had delicious seafood and sampled the Miami nightlife. After a week he returned to his normal routine at home. However, he still cherished the memory of his Florida trip.

New Friend
Andy had always had friends when he lived in his old town. The move had been hard on him though. He just didn't seem to know anyone. His neighbors came to meet him and brought their son Justin. The two quickly became friends and Andy was no longer alone.

Library
The library in our apartment building has many books. Residents donate or take books. I donated four books today and took one. The book I took is selling on Amazon for $5 I am going to sell it for $3.

Christmas lights.
Shawn was celebrating his first Christmas in his own place. He wanted to put up lights. He had never done it before so he had to look up some tips. When he was ready, he started putting the lights up. It took him a couple of hours, but he was able to get it all right.

Come To Australia
Larry's buddy invited him to visit Australia. Larry opened his web browser to read about the country. Minutes passed as he stared, frozen, at his monitor. Trembling, he politely declined the offer. Larry knew his arachnophobia couldn't easily be cured.

A Cafe Romance
I went to my favorite cafe yesterday. When I sat down, an attractive woman was sitting in the easy chair. That is my usual chair, so I asked her to move immediately. She protested, but I made her laugh with a few quick jokes. We ended up talking for hours, and now we're dating.

Will Learns Spanish
Will has always wanted to visit Paraguay but he doesn't speak Spanish. He decides to enroll in a local class. He practices Spanish every day for one year. Now Will is a great Spanish speaker. He feels ready for his trip to Paraguay now that he can speak Spanish.

New Iphone
Everyone waited in line for the new iphone. Joe had waited patiently for 3 hours and was next in line. He walked up and was told they had run out. Joe was furious. He was escorted out by police.

Trip to Texas
Kevin and his friends wanted to go on a trip to Texas. They decided to take a trip to Dallas. The boys went to a state fair and had a blast. They boys had so much fun they didn't want to leave. They were determined to go back next year.

Coin Jar
I have a jar on my dresser. Every time I get a coin, I put it in the jar. It started off totally empty. Now, it is full of coins. Seeing all those coins makes me proud of myself for saving them.

Building Furniture
My uncle and I decided to set up a bed. We unpacked the material in the box and took out the manual. As I gave my uncle directions, he did the manual labor. I also handed out the proper tools while he was assembling everything. We ended up finishing within an hour.

Phone Trouble
I use my phone every day, even for an alarm clock. Last week I went to the mall to go Christmas shopping. When I went outside I tripped in front of the mall fountain. My phone went flying through the air and landed right in the fountain. I will be going to buy a new phone tomorrow.

Parent Needed
Gina's phone was taken by the teacher. The only way to get it back was to have a parent pick it up. Gina knew she couldn't tell her mom. She had no idea how she would retrieve her phone. She stood in the bathroom stall on the verge of tears.

Reese
Reese hated his brother for being smarter than him. Reese took all the hardest classes in high school, but failed them. He decided to get revenge on his brother. He poisoned his brother's lunch so he became sick. His brother had to miss the last couple weeks of school and flunked.

Karma
The police officer stopped me in the middle of the highway. He told me to take out my driver's license. I was terrified since I left my wallet at home. When he found out, he arrested me and took me to jail. My friend took my wallet to the facility in order to release me.

The Stranger
The stranger started to approach Jane. He was following her as she started to walk faster. Just then, Jane turned around and abruptly stopped. The stranger also stopped and held out something in his hand. Jane's dropped wallet was not offered back to her.

Burrito Supreme
Tom loved burritos. He went to Taco Bell to get some food. He ordered and then drove to the window to pick it up. He held out his hand to grab the bag but the food fell to the ground. Three burrito supremes were lost that day.

Lyle's new suit
Lyle has a job interview next week. He's heading to Men's Wearhouse to get a new suit. He gets a gorgeous suit. He gets a great deal. Lyle is confident going into his interview.

The dog
Tom decided that he wanted to get a dog. He went to his local animal shelter. Walking in he saw a shy scared dog in a corner. He told the worker that was the one he wanted. With a wagging tail the dog smothered him in kisses as a thank you.

DOn't Eat Before Carnival Rides
A carnival was coming to town. Dalton loved to ride the ferris wheel. Dalton's mother warned him not to eat before getting on the ride. Dalton ate lots of carnival food that night. Dalton got sick on the ride.

A Fun Trip
Emma visited an amusement park. She got to go on many rides. Her favorite was the train ride. The conductor let her blow the train whistle. Emma can not wait to go back to the amusement park.

Hiking Pictures
Steph and her friends were hiking. And they decided to take a group picture at the top of a mountain. They posted the picture on Facebook. And it made others jealous. Steph and her friends were glad and posted more pictures.

Jake and Politics
Jake was very unhappy about the way his political party was ran. He decided to do something about his disdain. Jake started a campaign to run for a senate office. He worked very hard to convince people he was a good candidate. Jake won the election to become a leader in his political party.

The Not-So-Secret Stain
Pete tried to be careful with the glass of grape juice. He wasn't supposed to bring beverages into the TV room. He thought he would get away with it -- until he spilled the drink! He cleaned the rug as best he could, but his mom noticed the stain. Pete lost his allowance and TV privileges as punishment.

Work Break at the Nut Factory
Rhonda worked at a nut roasting factory. One day the production line came to a sudden halt. The roasting oven had run out of fuel. It took two hours to get new fuel supplies. Rhonda enjoyed an unscheduled break from work.

Hustler
Vince liked to play pool. He would go to the bars and Hustle up some money. No one ever expected him to be so good. Vince did this as often as he could. He donated all his winnings to the homeless.

Baking
Hannah was making a cake for her mom's birthday. She accidently put baking powder instead of flour. The cake overflowed in the oven and made a mess. Hannah didn't know what to do, so she decided to make cookies instead. Hannah's loved the cookies.

Wrestling
Jake was excited for the upcoming wrestling match. He set up his big screen tv in the backyard. Jake invited all of his friends over. His friends brought food and drinks. They spent the rest of the night watching wrestling!

We went to a concert.
We wanted to go to a concert on Tuesday. We searched the papers for a band we liked that was playing. After decided, we left the house. It didn't take long to arrive. Before we knew it, we were listening to great music!

Wild concert
Carrie went with her friends to a rock concert. The girls waited in line for four hours just to get inside. Finally they got inside and had fun. However there was a lot of pushing and shoving. When it was over they had fun.

The New Van
Bob and the family were excited and ready for their trip to Disney. Bob's parents wanted to join them but the car was too small. They searched everywhere for a car that could hold them all. A few weeks later they decided the best option was a minivan. When the day came the van carried them happily to their destination!

Watching Scream Queens
Last night I decided to watch Scream Queens on Fox. It was a hyped up show and I thought I would give it a try. As the show started, I liked it. However towards the end of the episode I was scared out of my seat. I wasn't sure I could watch it anymore but I stuck through it.

Bookmobile
Neve started working as a children's librarian. She loved her job, until she was told she had to drive the bookmobile. Neve had her license, but she hated to drive. She reluctantly got into the bookmobile and started the engine. Driving the bookmobile turned out to be lots of fun!

laptop
We knew we needed to get a new laptop. The current one would no longer hold a charge. So we went to the local store to check them out. They had all different models with different functions. But we decided on a Mac because we thought it was best.

Owning a Lion
Jon really wanted to have a pet lion. He heard that in Dubai many rich families owned exotic cats. He decided to go live in Dubai so he could have a pet lion. He moved to Dubai and bought a pet lion. Alas, like many other people he was killed by the pet lion.

Reminder
Gina's brother was yelling loudly at her. He wanted her to leave his room. She stood her ground and relayed her message. Suddenly he pushed her really hard. Gina stumbled backwards, and hit a dresser.

Skydiving
Rick was very adventurous. So on his birthday, he wanted to go skydiving. He saved up lots of money for it. But his parents told him it was too dangerous. So instead, Rick spent his money on a sports car.

The Garage Sale
Todd had too much stuff in his house. He planned to have a garage sale. He put out all the items he didn't need outside. He created a listing for his garage sale on craigslist. At the end of the day he made $500 in sales.

Backdoor to the Violin
Jim desperately wanted to learn the piano. He practiced 2 hours a day in an attempt to get better. Jim couldn't play difficult pieces as his hands were just too small. Jim's teacher asked him if he'd like to give the violin a try. Jim agreed and immediately took to the instrument.

Burgers
Amber was really hungry. She called her husband. He said he would get food. He stopped at Wendy's. Amber was mad because she hates their food.

Jade's Bike Ride
Jade got a new bike for her birthday. Jade practiced with her dad until she was able to ride it alone. Jade decided that she would ride to her friend's house. Jade got scared when a car got close to her and she hit a tree. Jade broke her arm in two places but recovered in 6 months.

Speech nerves.
Karen was about to give a speech in class. She was extremely nervous. She got up and started speaking. Her nerves caused her to forget her speech. Luckily, she was able to improvise very well.

Ingrown Toenail
The other day I wore my boots without socks. This small mistake led to an ingrown toenail. I stupidly tried to remove it myself. It got infected and I was in a lot of pain. Thankfully, the doctor was able to remove it.

Bat
We had a lot of mice in our office building. The exterminators put out sticky traps. One day we caught a bat in the trap. We think it came in through an air vent. The bat was dead and we disposed of it.

Thanksgiving Abroad
Hannah was working abroad in England for the fall and winter. She decided to cook a Thanksgiving meal for her host family. Hannah slaved away in the kitchen for the entire day. Come meal time, the host family agreed that the food was delicious. The host family happily decided that Thanksgiving was a wonderful day.

Lockout
A man was locked out of his apartment when he left his keys inside. He went to the landlord's office but no one was there. The man decided to break down his own door to get inside. The flimly door flew right off the hinges and he got inside. The man just remembered that he left the back door open.

Swiss Cheese
I went to the sandwich shop. I ordered a cheddar cheese sandwich. The shop had run out of cheddar. I decided to order a swiss cheese sandwich instead. I regretted my decision.

catcher
Ed was playing baseball. He was the pitcher. He began to throw badly, so his coach moved him. At first Ed was afraid he was being cut from the team. Then he discovered he was being made a catcher!

Cold Coffee
I went to a gas station to get some gas for my car. Inside, there were machines for coffee. I had to choose between iced and hot coffee. I then decided to get cold coffee. Finally, I sipped my coffee on the drive home.

Vegas Wedding
My Fiance and I are headed to Las Vegas to get hitched. We stop at the courthouse to obtain our marriage license. We then went to the Justice of the Peace to get married. We payed some bums off the street to become our witnesses. My Fiance and I then became husband and wife.

New Taste
I was arguing with my sister about which place we can go to eat. She proposed going to this restaurant I never heard about. We decided to drive to the restaurant. I ordered one of the special cheeseburgers offered there. After tasting it, I was amazed.

Danny Wants a Dog
Danny wants a dog but his mom won't let him. She told him that he had to get good grades if he wanted a dog. When report cards came out, he had all A's in his classes. He immediately showed his report card to his mom. Danny was finally allowed to get a dog.

Pit Bulls
Barry was walking home from school. But he saw a pit bull wandering around. He decided to turn around and go the other way. But the pit bull chased after him. Barry yelled for help and ran as fast as he could.

Making whipped cream.
Kacey was making whipped cream. She put heavy cream in a cold bowl. Then, she added some sugar. She used a mixer to make it fluffy. Finally, she put the whipped cream on hot cocoa.

Collecting Shells
Me and Tara go to the beach to collect sea shells. Tara has two buckets full of shells at home. She makes various decorations out of them. I told Tara that she should start a business out of it. Tara eventually did open up a buisness making things out of shells.

Creep
Jane's co-worker tried texting her several times to reach out to her. She told him to leave him alone or else she would call the cops. The next day, Jane was working. The co-worker came to say hi. Jane immediately freaked out and called the boss.

The first train ride
I had just moved to Long Island and wanted to visit New York City. I decided to take the train there and walked to the train station. I bought my ticket and went to the platform and waited for the train. I got on the train and someone stamped my ticket when I sat down. The train ride took about an hour and then I got off at Penn Station.

Shark Caught
Mary liked to go fishing. She went fishing every weekend of the summer. She had not caught anything impressive. Then one day she got a big bite. She had caught a five foot shark.

Fireworks
Since it was Independence Day, we decided to light fireworks. We carefully selected a good spot to place them. We lit the fireworks, then ran away. The fireworks exploded into a shower of beautiful colors. It was a great way to celebrate.

Zoo
Last week my parents took me to the zoo. We saw a lot of animals. At the zoo i was allowed to ride a pony and pet a turtle. I like going to the zoo because i love animals. We all had a nice day at the zoo.

Transportation
Everyday Rob had to walk to school. But he decided that riding a bike to school would be better. He saved up money for a new bike. And he was able to bike to school quickly. And his new bike gave him freedom to go where to he wanted.

Ponds
We used to live by a small pond in Boston, Massachusetts. I loved walking by the edge of the pond and taking photos. I had a stroke in 2011 and cannot walk too well. We moved away from the pond to Cambridge, Massachusetts. Luckily, our home is across the street from another pond.

Ariana's Birthday Party
Ariana turned 30 this year. She decided to throw a birthday party for her closest friends. She flew in her childhood pals from out of state. They all had a blast. They barely made it back to work the next day.

Greg
Greg only wanted to be able to walk without a limp. He was tired of being made fun of at school and was getting frustrated He decided to start physical therapy with a specialist. After a year he was able to walk without a limp. He was so happy about the hard work he put in.

The Scholarship
Marcy wanted to apply for a scholarship to Japan. The scholarship was for a full year with all expenses paid. Marcy knew this was an opportunity she could not pass up. Unfortunately the scholarship application was due in a week. Marcy waited until the last minute and stayed up all night to finish.

Dahlia's Escort
Dahlia was turning 30 soon. Her parents arrange a marriage to a local gentleman. He arrived at their house to escort her to the horse races. Dahlia saw his face and fled in terror. He looked more like a horse than the one's at the races themselves.

Acceptance
Riley had applied to seven different colleges. There was only one she really wanted to go to, though. Every day she checked the mailbox to see if there was word yet. She heard back from six but not her first choice yet. Then finally the letter came saying she was accepted.

Walking
Tom worked from home Tom decided to take a break from work. Tom took a walk around the neighborhood. He saw children playing jump rope. Tom enjoyed the walk and was happy to see kids having fun.

Walking the Dog
My son and I brought the dog for a walk. My son asked if he could hold the leash. As soon as my son took the leash, the dog began running away. I grabbed my son to keep him from falling. Now I am the only person to hold the leash.

Giveaway
Gary's company wanted to get more email subscribers. They decided to run a giveaway of free games. They set up a page and bought a bunch of download keys. The page was overwhelmed and they ran out of keys. Overall, Gary's company was happy with their results.

Skip
Skip let his friend move in his house for awhile. The friend never paid Skip for living there. Skip asked the friend to leave because the friend wouldn't pay. Skip now doesn't talk to that friend. Skip found a friend that would pay to live at his house.

Being A Ref
Sam ran down the sidelines reffing the soccer game. The ball was about to go out of bounds. Sam dove and caught the ball once it crossed the line. He stood up and handed the ball to the other team. The player thanked Sam for saving him some effort.

Freight.
Sally wanted to travel but she did not have money. She decided to do some research and get on a train. She found out the nearest freight train goes to cali. She planned it right and got on it. SHe then sees other people on it.

Claude's Big Day
Claude had been preparing for his math exam for months. Now the day was upon him, he woke early and got ready for school. However, in his rush, he forgot to bring any books with him! Claude had to return home to get his books. He missed the exam he had worked so hard to prepare for.

Public Pool
I wanted to go swimming in a pool this Summer. I didn't own my a pool at all. I went to the public pool in town. I found that the pool was very filthy. I made a complain to the person in charge about it.

Austria
Neil had just arrived in Austria. He couldn't wait to sightsee! He took a train into Vienna. Then he checked into a hotel. Before sightseeing, Neil knew he had to rest and recharge!

Stone Wall
Dean wanted to put a stone wall next to his patio. He gathered rocks from elsewhere in his yard. When he was done, it had taken him all day. The next day, he built the gathered stones into a wall. The wall was just one-foot tall after all of his work.

Sick
Lisa felt really sick yesterday. She ask her mother if she could stay at home from school. Thankfully her mother agreed and told her to stay in bed for the day. Lisa took some medicine and slept for most of the day. Next day she felt so much better and could go back to school again.

Blockbuster
Lucy's grandpa wouldn't take her to blockbuster. Her grandma rarely drove anywhere. She expected her grandma to decline, but she asked anyway. Her grandma was silent and gave her a meaningful look. Lucy was surprised, but pleased when she agreed to drive her.

Black Forest
Neil was ending his visit to Germany. He decided his last sight would be the Black Forest. He took a train ride to the beautiful location. He thought of the German fairy tales set here. He thought the forest was spooky, but beautiful nonetheless!

Coffee shop.
Daryl had never tried coffee, so he decided to go out and buy some. He drove to the nearest coffee shop and walked in. At the front, the barista asked what he wanted. He told her that he wanted any coffee. Daryl tried the coffee, and spit it out.

Adrenaline Junkie
Jon was hang gliding across the mountains. Suddenly, a falcon tore a hole in his glider. The glider started to sink. Jon panicked and passed out from shock. His body was never recovered.

Cranberry Sauce
Jill made cranberry sauce to take to her boyfriend's house. She had never made it before but it seemed easy. Her boyfriend's mother put it on the table as they sat down to eat. Jill took some, tasting it for the first time. She had forgotten to add sugar so it was extremely bitter.

Interview
I had an interview for an account manager position. Alas, I hated sales. I decided to go anyways. I did great in the interview! Ultimately, I declined the job offer because I didn't like sales.

Suit Fitting
Melvin always thought that he looked bad in suits. He looked sort of like a child playing dress-up. One day his friend told him to get a proper suit fitting. He reluctantly went through with it. The fitted suit made him look amazing.

A theft epidemic.
A small town had been plagued with thefts. Everyone was on alert, hoping to catch the culprit. One woman noticed someone suspicious on her street. She called the police. They investigated the man and he was indeed the thief.

Smoothie
Bill decided to go to the gym for exercise. He exercised very intensely. On the drive home he felt famished. He knew he could not comfortably drive all of the way home. He stopped along the way to purchase a smoothie.

Fear of needles
Arnold was scared of needles. One day he had a doctor's appointment. He needed to take out blood. When the needle went inside him he panicked. He panicked so much that he ended up fainting.

Airplane
Thomas was ready to get on the airplane for the first time in his life. Upon arriving at the terminal he was amazed by the amount of people. Once through security he was quick to realize that he forgot something. His favorite teddy bear he left at home that he never forgets. It was ok as his favorite bear didn't purchase a ticket so it was good.

Peeking night
Little Connie was so ready for Christmas. She knew she would get many toys. On Christmas Eve night, she snuck downstairs. She looked at all her presents that weren't wrapped yet and ran back. On Christmas, she fooled her parents and pretended to be surprised.

Plane Crash
Dick readied his plane for take off. He was a master pilot and everyone knew it. They didn't know that he was also a drunk. He passed out on take-off. The plane crashed into the trees at the end of the runway.

Injured dog
Nick was driving on the road when he saw a dog get hit by a car. He immediately stopped to help the severely injured dog. The driver who hit the dog just sped off. Nick drove the dog to the veterinarian's office. The veterinarian fixed the dog by performing emergency surgery.

Jump Rope
Sally bet Lucy she could not jump rope 100 times without missing. If Lucy could do it, she would get Sue's bag of cookies. Lucy started jumping. She counted each jump until she reached one hundred. She enjoyed her cookie prize.

Cleaning day
Tina decided to stay home and have a cleaning day on Sunday. She vacuumed and washed floors. She also made the bed as well. When she wa done she was relieved. She definitely wanted to try again.

Runaway
My father caught a fish. He placed it on the ground of the ship. We left the fish to get a few tools. However, the fish managed to hop into the water. We were mad when we noticed that the fish was gone.

Accident Settlement
Glen was in a bad car accident. He called a lawyer he saw in a commercial. The lawyer promised to get Glen the money he deserved. Glen worked with the lawyer who contacted the insurance company. Glen got a cash settlement from the insurance company.

Movie Night
The Quattlebaum family wanted to go spend some quality time together. They decided to go to the movies. They realized they all needed to agree on a movie to watch. Finally the agreed on something. The Quattlebaum family enjoyed their quality time together.

Dentist
Simon had to go to the dentist. He wasn't sure if he had cavities or not. He went to get his cleaning done. The dentist told him he has 10 cavities. This ruined his day.

The Flower
I would walk by a beautiful flower everyday on my way to work. It seemed to become more vibrant with each passing day. One day, I noticed that it was limp. Finally, the flower died. I realized that all good things must come to an end.

Flight Home
Tori wanted to go home for the holidays. She had to take a plane to get there. When she arrived at the airport, her flight was delayed. It took six hours longer to get home than it should have. Still, Tori was able to make it home before Christmas.

Marry Me
Mark and Diana went to the beach. Diana set up a picnic on the sand. Mark poured wine for both of them. He handed a rose to Diana, prompting her to smell it. There in the center of the rose was an engagement ring.

Chocolate making
I wanted to make some chocolate for my friends. I got all the ingredients together and the molds. I put everything in the molds and put them in the fridge. When I took them out they looked delicious. The chocolate tasted great.

Harvey
Harvey had saved up his money all summer. Finally he had enough to get his teeth whitened. He went to the dentist. The dentist applied the whitening solution to his teeth. Harvey was thrilled to see that his teeth became much lighter!

Pig Eye
We went to a pig roast in 2009. The hosts served a whole roasted pig. I offered to give $5 to anyone who would eat the pig's eyes. Two teenagers ate the eyes. I was surprised as I handed out the money.

Lost Rabbit
Madeline decided to take a nice walk in the park. On this walk she was caught off guard. Madeline saw a white rabbit in the park. The rabbit seemed like it wanted a home. Madeline took the rabbit home.

mturk
Roxy wanted to make money. But she also wanted to stay at home with her children. So she began to do research for work at home jobs. Through research she discovered mturk. Roxy now makes money working on mturk.

Phone
Jane had just gotten a new phone. She was trying to walk her dog and had it in her hand. Her dog jerked the lease and sent Jane and her phone flying. Jane's new phone cracked into a million pieces. Luckily Jane had insurance and was able to get a replacement.

Winter
The citizens of Canada were used to warm weather. They loved to walk in the sun. Recently, a cold front has started to appear. The temperature started to drop. The citizens of Canoga must now dress warmer.

The Beach Vacation
James and his family took a vacation by the seashore. They swam in the ocean, played games, and ate sandwiches every day. On Thursday, it rained and they couldn't go to the beach. So they went to the boardwalk and played arcade games instead. James won 1000 tickets and got a tennis racket as a prize.

locked out
Kim locked herself out of her house. She decided to climb through a window to get in. She managed to climb inside. But she fell and hurt her hand on the way in. Kim decided to remember her keys in the future!

Bike
Jose lived in an apartment and wanted to surprise his son. He wanted to give him a bike for Christmas morning. Jose hid the bike in his friend's garage until early Christmas morning. Jose's son was so surprised when he woke up and seen the bike. He wondered how Santa got it in the house.

Dustin Falls Asleep
Dustin works the overnight shift at the local factory. Usually he sleeps all day so he can be awake for his work. However, one day he tries to stay awake during the day and night. He falls asleep at his factory job. Dustin is fired from his job.

Sarah Plays Basketball
Sarah was sitting at home one day feeling bored. She decided to leave her house to find something to do. At the local park many other kids were playing basketball. Sarah joined them for a few games. She felt great that she had left the house to do something.

Waterfall
Beth and Chris were in a relationship together. They wanted to do something fun and romantic together. Beth suggested they drive to Niagara Falls. They drove to the waterfall. They were in awe from the experience and enjoyed themselves.

Ballin' with Blood
I used to work as a nurse at the Red Cross. Us nurses decided to hold a blood drive in a local gym. One blood donor did not want donating blood to stop his ball game. He actually tried to play basketball while donating. Needless, to say he fainted and is now the center of a fun story.

Owen and the Ball
Little Owen loved playing with his soccer ball. His favorite thing was to roll it down the hill. This angered his mother who had to chase after the ball. She told him she would take his ball away if he did it again. Owen disobeyed and his mom took the ball away.

The Flat
Paula couldn't get the lug nuts off the flat tire. Then she remembered  Archimedes' advise. She got a pipe for leverage. The lug nuts came off easily. Paula then was able to change the tire.

Lost Dress Shoes
Bob was getting married this weekend. He was scared to go through with the ordeal. The day before the wedding, Bob lost his dress shoes! All the stores near him were closed on the weekends. Bob was able to borrow a nice pair of dress shoes from his father.

Paula's Firstborn
Paula was very concerned about the safety of her new baby. She never let him out of her sight, which concerned her family. Her folks encouraged Paula to get out every once in awhile. She wasn't comfortable letting anyone babysit until her folks offered. Knowing the baby was safe, Paula finally enjoyed an evening out.

Listening to songs
I was sitting around my house while bored. I looked for something to do, but nothing was interesting. I sat on my computer and put on my headphones. I listened to all sorts of music that I had never heard before. I felt great while listening to it, and was no longer bored.

Contacts
Art was sick of wearing glasses. He wanted to get contacts, but he was worried. He thought they would be very difficult to put in. His doctor gave him a sample pair to practice with. To his joy, Art found that they were actually pretty easy to insert!

Picking Flowers
Jordan knew his girlfriend was upset with him. On his way to pick her up he stopped to get some flowers. He picked them from random locations and arranged them himself. His girlfriend appreciated them. She was still upset and broke up with him, though.

Fair Sick
The State fair was in full swing. Kira went to the fair with her friends. Her friends convinced Kira to get on the biggest rollercoaster. Although she was scared Kira rode the ride. When she got off she puked everywhere and wanted to go home.

Late Night Snacks
I was up late one night watching television. I decided to get snacks from the grocery store. On the way there I got pulled over. The cop thought it was funny I was buying midnight chips. He let me go because I didn't look suspicious.

Donation
Ron bought a new big screen Television. He already has another one in his living room. He wanted to get rid of it. He took it to the Good Will to donate it. He felt very good about himself.

Into the distance
The golfer put down his tee and eyed up the green. He took out his best driver and gave it a practice swing. The club came back and swing forward. He crushed the ball far into the distance. The ball sailed right over the flag and into the woods.

Finally Done
Lucy's grandpa was finishing his lunch. She jumped up ready to go to a friends. Lucy ran to the car and waited for grandpa. After 5 minutes she went to see what was taking him so long. She walked in to find him searching, unable to find his keys.

Curtain Comes down
Chuck was carrying boxes from one room to another. The curtain was lying across one box. Chuck didn't notice when he set another box on the curtain. When he carried the two boxes away and the curtain came down. Chuck was in big trouble with his wife.

Chiang Mai
Neil flew into Chiang Mai, Thailand. He booked a jungle tour. They took him to ride elephants and see jungle tribes! Then he shopped for jungle souvenirs. Neil loved exploring in Chiang Mai!

flat
I had a blow out on the interstate. I managed to get to the side of the road. My spare was flat. I called a tow truck. Soon I had the tire fixed.

Pages
David loved books. He wanted to read a new novel so he decided to go to the bookstore. The book was sold out. He decided to go to the library. He yelled in joy when the library carried the book.

Irony
The teacher took the class to get a drink of water. We just finished recess so everyone was thirsty. We stopped at a water fountain. The first person went to get a drink. After a sip, the teacher immediately stopped him.

Gilbert Visits the Country
Gilbert usually liked staying in the city. His friends occasionally visited the countryside but Gilbert did not. One day they convinced him to take a drive out to the country. When he got there, Gilbert loved tree and the clean air. Gilbert enjoyed it so much he decided to move to the country.

The Prank
Tom was tired of his roommates eating his food. He decided to do something about it. He put really spicy chili powder into his food. One of his friends ate it and got really sick He had diarrhea for a day and a half.

Music with Friends
Ki-Ki learned a while ago that James loves the music of Adele. Ki-Ki's school is hosting Adele in concert next week. Kiki asks James if he would like to go with her. The two go to the concert together and have a great time bonding. Ki-Ki and James now have memories and pictures for a lifetime.

Art Contest
Romano decided to enter an art contest. He painted for weeks, but didn't like anything he made. Finally, he decided to paint a portrait of his friend. When he was done, he sent the portrait into the contest. It won first prize!

Lost Cat
Penny lost her pet cat. She went around town asking people if they saw the cat. She also put up posters with a reward if anyone finds it. Penny received a call from someone who found her cat. Penny went to pick up her cat and gave the person a reward.

The promotion
Amy arrived at work to discover her manager had been promoted. Amy was upset because she was not getting a raise this year. Amy could not hide her disgust. Her boss saw her face and clearly disapproved. Amy was assigned a menial task for a week.

No Snow
Bobby was sure it was going to snow. He was so sure he didn't go his English homework. When he woke up the next morning there was no snow. His teacher was not happy that he didn't do his homework. He got 10 points off for handing it in a day late.

Cade Falls Down
Cade can run very fast. He is so fast, he sometimes trips over his own feet. Today, he decides he will run the fastest he's ever run. But his other foot comes out of nowhere, and he falls on his nose. He decides to walk back to his mom.

Erin's Boredom
Erin had work to do on her computer. She started getting a little bored though. Erin's husband suggested she take a shower. Erin thought that that was a good idea. Erin was able to complete her work after she felt refreshed.

Cooked Tilapia
I pan seared some tilapia today. First I steamed some vegetables and rice to go with it. I heated some olive oil and butter in a pan. Then I added the fillets and coated on some seasoning. It came out nice and crunchy!

Run
Sarah was excited for the 5K run on Sunday. In the morning she ran before work. At night  she ran with her dog. The day of the race was cool and sunny, perfect for running. Sarah ran her best time in the race and can't wait for the next one!

Ingrid
Ingrid tried to get Jason to notice her. He never seemed to even acknowledge her existence. One day she just went up to him and asked him if he liked her. He told her he didn't like her at all. Ingrid punched him in the gut and walked away.

New Friends
Harold needed new friends. He decided to put an ad on the paper. He met several different people. Unfortunately none was quite right. Harold gave up hope and just hangs out alone now.

Sparkle
Lucy and her grandpa were going to buy fireworks. Lucy chose the fireworks she wanted. Her grandfather wouldn't let her get them because they were dangerous. Lucy was upset he vetoed all her choices. In the end he allowed her sparklers, and snappers.

Six Flags
My family and I went to Six Flags over the summer. My brother and I decided to go on the scariest roller coaster ever! We were both so nervous. We got on the ride and screamed the whole way. In the end, we had a lot of fun and wanted to go on again!

Deciding not to wait.
Sam and Alison had just finished a doctor's appointment. They were supposed to wait for the bus home. It was taking a very long time. Finally, the couple decided to walk instead. They left the office and walked home.

Driving Around
Sam was bored one day. He decided to drive around. He had no real place to go. Eventually he realized he was wandering alone. Sam turned around and went home.

John Moves Across the City
John had to move from his old apartment to a new one across the city. He had a lot of stuff to move so he called his friends for help. John's friends went to his old apartment. John's friends put all his stuff in their cars. They moved everything across town in one trip.

Second Early
I walked towards the other side of the building. As soon as I put my foot on the road, a tree fell on the ground. Several cars were damaged in the accident. Eventually, several ambulance vehicles came. The medics took those that were injured to the hospital.

Rats
Kerry had rats in her house. She decided to catch them and release them outdoors. She set traps all over for them before bed. In the morning, she collected the traps and took them outdoors. She dumped the rats out of the traps and over the fence in the yard.

hosts
Ron had distant cousins come to visit him and his wife. They decided to try to be good hosts. They made his cousin's home-cooked meals. They also gave them tours around town. Ron's cousins told him what gracious hosts they were!

Too Dark
I woke up in the middle of the morning. I tried to walk to the bathroom despite walking in the dark. As I was walking, something small touched my leg. I quickly jumped and ran away. However, I landed in the trash can.

The Dog.
Nancy's dog ran away. She looked for him for days. Her family put up flyers. Her friends looked all around town. He came home after a week of being gone.

Bagel
Nita was hungry. She put a bagel in the toaster. But after a few moments, she smelled something burning. The toaster had failed to pop her bagel up. Nita's bagel was hopelessly burned!

Confronting the bully.
Angela was on her school bus. A group of girls was taunting her about her hair style. Angela was starting to get fed up. Finally, Angela turned to them and told them off. The girls rolled their eyes and left her alone, and Angela was happy.

New York Trip
I went to New York City. It was a great trip to learn my pageant routine. I got to stay on Broadway and meet with a choreographer. I tap danced and practiced. I then flew back home.

Recycling
I always try to recycle as much as possible. I separate things and take them to the right bins. Unfortunately the bins provided to us are always full. So I usually just wind up throwing everything in the trash cans. It's hard to know who to blame in this situation.

Sarah Has A Cavity
One of Sarah's teeth has been hurting for weeks. She decides to go to the dentist to see what is wrong. The dentist tells Sarah that she has a cavity. Sarah has her cavity filled in that same dentist visit. She hates having cavities filled, but is glad to have it over.

Chaz
Chaz wanted to go shopping. He called his friends and asked if they wanted to go to the mall. They said sure! So Chaz picked them up and they headed to the mall. They had a great time shopping and hanging out!

Cars
Sarah like to drive her car. She didn't have a license though. She still drove her car around. She got pulled over by the police. She was sent to jail.

The Sears Tower
Jojo wanted to go to the top of the sears tower. But, he lived in Malaysia. Jojo bought a plane ticket to chicago. Jojo took a taxi to the Sears Tower. Jojo took the elevator to the top of the tower!

Nina's Bank Account Woes
Nina needed to transfer some money from one account to another. Unfortunately, the banking website was down for maintenance. She was forced to get on a city bus to go to the nearest ATM. She raced off the bus, to the ATM She was able to transfer the money just in the nick of time.

Private jet
Tim was broke. He needed to fly to see his girlfriend. He decided to get a job. He worked his way up to CEO. After that he used the private jet to see his girlfriend.

Taking A Walk
Every night we take a family walk. We go through the woods and around the pond. Today my sister found a four leaf clover. She will have good luck now! I can't wait to see what we find on tomorrow's walk.

New Printer
My old printer broke recently. I decided to get a new one today. I went to the local office supply store. I found one on sale that was perfect for my needs. I bought it and drove back home to install it.

Backgammon
Lou's big brother always beat him at backgammon. Lou's uncle was a very good player. Lou asked him for tips on how to get better himself. His uncle gave him a number of suggestions. The next time he played his brother he beat him at last!

Calling In
Brandon called in sick from work to go to the beach. The traffic was so bad that it took him 3 hours to get there. Once he arrived, his lunch was stolen by a flock of seagulls. Some kids trampled him when he tried to nap under his umbrella. At the end of the day, it would have been more relaxing to go to work.

Larry Is Caught Speeding
Larry left the office late and drove fast to see his wife. On the drive home, a police officer pulled him over for speeding. Larry apologized but the police officer still have him a ticket. Larry deeply regretted driving so fast. He decided never to leave the office so late again.

The Mountain Lion
Jack walked to the local pet store. He had heard that the pet store had a mountain lion on display. He could barely contain his excitement as he entered the store. He saw the huge display as soon as he walked in. He looked at the mountain lion and was amazed by its size.

The Display
Emily could not wait to watch the fireworks display. She loved watching the colors as they exploded in the air. She sat in her chair looking at the sky. The anticipation of waiting made it all the better. She watched in awe as the first firework finally exploded.

Dancer
Lisa wanted to become a grand dancer. She begged her mom to take her to dance lessons. After quite a bit of begging her mom took her for the first time. Lisa loved every moment of it and continued taking dance classes. When Lisa grew up she became an awarded salsa dancer.

Space mountain ride
I went on space mountain ride yesterday. When I sat in the car I was getting scared. We took off and my stomach dropped. We went so fast I wanted it to be over. Thankfully the next minute it was over.

Tacos
What was cooking tacos. As she was cooking the meat, she put the shells in the oven. While the meat was cooking, she also shredded cheese. Since she was so busy, she forgot about the shells. Whit burned the taco shells.

Gifted
I learned the students in the gifted class received scholarships. I researched how to get in the gifted class. I took several tests. I waited for my exam results. I passed the gifted class and received my first scholarship.

Sick in School
Alex as in class when he felt ill. In the nurse's office they called his dad to pick him up. Alex went to the nurse's office to wait for dad. Dad had an important meeting he couldn't leave. Alex fell asleep in the nurse's office waiting for dad

Oswald's Cake
Oswald decided to make a cake. He mixed all the ingredients together in a pan. He put the pan in the oven and left it. Oswald's cake burned in the oven. Oswald felt sad that his cake was ruined.

Broken candy
I was happy to get some lollipops today. The store had them on sale. Only problem was that they ended up broken. I was very upset. Thankfully the store gave me a refund.

Ball Park
Cindy loved her fellow Dodgers baseball team. Cindy's job recently gave her tickets to attend the opening game. However, two days before the game, Cindy got sick. Unfortunately, Cindy had to give the tickets to her husband. Cindy was heartbroken that she could not see her team play.

Collin's Puppy
Collin has always loved dogs. Lately he'd been thinking about getting one of his own. He decided to go to the animal shelter and look around. He saw two little black puppies and fell in love! Collin adopted both of them and took them to their new forever home.

Swimming
It was a warm Saturday. My friends and I decided to go to the pool. We all played around for a while and grilled out. I got a bit sunburn. Other than that it was a really fun time.

Charlotte's Web
I go walking through the trees and nature everyday. Everytime I go walking at night, different animals communicate with me. Sometimes they walk or run with me. I always look for the small animals when I'm walking. It makes me feel like I'm in Charlotte's Web.

Much Ado About Ashes
The fire department was paged out for a fire near a propane tank. Their response was delayed by a combination on a gate. When they got on scene, they were able to quickly contain it. The homeowner had emptied a bucket of hot ashes near a slash pile. The fire department stood down law enforcement and cleared the scene.

Buying Clothes
Amy had a job when and decided to buy her clothes for school. She told her mother she would go on her own to buy her clothes. Amy remember the previous year when she couldn't get a cut off shirt. As she shopped she saw a shirt which would show her belly button. She ended up not buying the shirt since it was too expensive.

The City Night
Brenda went out to the city one night with her friends. They walked around town and went to several bars. After leaving one bar, creepy men began to follow them. Brenda became worried and they hid inside a restaurant. When they got inside, they called a cab and went home.

Too Preppy
My boyfriend is out buying clothes right now. He asked me not to go with him. It kind of hurt my feelings. I understand that he dresses differently than I do. But I still think it's too preppy.

Time's Up
Gina needed to get across the playground. She wanted to see her crush, Jamie before recess ended. But there was still quite a distance to cover. She was finally getting close to where he was sitting. Just then the bell rang, and Jamie disappeared into the building.

The Lemonade Stand
Abby and Lily wanted to earn some extra money one hot summer. They decided they would sell delicious homemade lemonade. They set up their lemonade stand at the end of their driveway. Soon, they had people stopping to taste their tasty lemonade. At the end of the day, they had enough money to buy some treats!

Ellen
Ellen had a huge crush on her classmate Evan. She wanted to go to prom with him very badly! But Evan was very shy and he just couldn't ask her. Finally, Ellen decided to ask him herself. To her shock and joy, Even accepted her offer quickly and gladly!

Beans
I decided to make a soup. I put a can of beans in the soup. Alas, the can was damaged. Naturally, the beans were contaminated with botulism. I ate the soup and became extremely sick.

Long Distance
Hannah's boyfriend had to move far away for a job. She missed him and talked to him on the phone every night. After growing more depressed, she realized she had to go to him. She found a job near him and they were able to move in together. Now Hannah is happy and not depressed anymore.

Frugality
My niece's daughter is a high school senior. She had a field trip to Harvard Square. The teacher wanted the students to take the commuter rail and subway. My niece told her they could save money by taking two buses. The teacher thanked her.

The baby in the rain.
Wendy was planning on walking with her baby. She got him all dressed and put him in a sling. When she went outside, it was extremely rainy. She decided that he couldn't be out in that weather. She turned around and brought him home.

Unprincipled
Ivan was in a bicycle race. But he couldn't bear the thought of losing. So he put something strange in the best cyclist's water bottle. Half way through the race, Ivan saw the cyclist quit. And Ivan won the race.

Bad Wrist
Jimmy was doing pull-ups. He wanted to get in shape for his new Year's resolution. He was almost done with his workout when his wrist started hurting. He could not complete the pull-up that he was doing. Jimmy could only do leg exercises that day due to his sore wrist.

Cory Studies Statistics
Cory is in his final year of college. He has decided to take a challenging statistics course this year. Now he is preparing for the first exam of the course. Cory studies hypothesis testing and other statistical topics. Although the exam is hard, Cory achieves a good grade.

Black Friday
Alex decided to go shopping on Black Friday for the first time ever. He woke up at 3:00 AM and left the house by 3:30 AM. He stood in line at Best Buy for an hour in the cold! There were a lot of people in the store, but he was able to find a TV. During his drive home, Alex vowed to never shop on Black Friday again.

Appointments
Robby was late to his doctor's appointment. He got into his car 5 minutes before his appointment time. Robby decided to take a shortcut. He ended up getting lost. Robby never made it to his appointment.

In A Hurry
Joel walked from his apartment to a restaurant that was one mile away. Every step was tiring, and he constantly checked his watch. Having to wait at every stoplight frustrated him. But after he enjoyed his lunch, he happily walked home. He admired the beautiful trees and mountains that he ignored before.

Walking
Betty wanted to lose weight. She tried dieting, but that failed. She was unable to give up her favorite sweets . Then she had a better idea! She began walking an hour a day and lost 25 pounds quickly.

Trip to Paris
I decided to take my first trip to Paris last month. Mainly for the shopping however. I had great fun and stopped at Chanel and Hermes. At the end of the trip I had spent far too much. I couldn't wait to come back.

Gordon Goes to Belize
Gordon worked as a seasonal employee at the local country club. In the winter, Gordon had saved up enough money to travel. With nothing to do, he decided to move to Belize for three months. While there, Gordon got malaria due to not being vaccinated. Gordon returned home and luckily was cured by his doctor.

Broken Dryer
Tom was washing clothes. He went to put them in the dryer. However the dryer would not turn on. He had a plan. He put his clothes outside to dry in the sun.

Tropical Wonderland
My family arrived at the resort. Before unpacking, we visited the beach to release our tension. The tour guide was kind and sincere, helping us move around. We mostly stayed close to the shore of the ocean. Around night time, we visited a seafood restaurant.

Lucy's Dance
Lucy wanted to go to the dance. Lucy was getting ready to leave. She realized she had nobody to go with. She was frantic and asked her friend to go with her. He accepted and they danced happily all night.

Ipecac
It had been 45 minute since dinner. Kim wanted to throw up her food, but worried it was too late. She had tried to use a toothbrush and failed. She found a bottle of ipecac in the medicine cabinet. After reading the label she chickened out.

Swing Set
Zach bought his daughter a new swing set. He went outside to put it together. He spent about an hour assembling the swing set. Zach put his daughter in the swing and gave her a push. His daughter loves her new swing set!

Vet Blunder
My mother's cat was ill, so my brother took it to the vet for her. They said the cat needed to stay there for some tests. They called my brother an hour later, telling him to come pick it up. When he got there, the girl at the front desk said the cat had died! Later that day, she called to say she was mistaken, the cat was fine.

Baby time
Shannon took her daughter to baby time at the library. The teacher asked  everyone to introduce themselves. The teacher put on music and the moms and dads sang songs. Shannon's daughter giggled at the silly songs. The teacher and parents sang the goodbye song when baby time ended.

Contacts
Daria decided to get contact lenses for driving. However, everyone treated her differently without glasses. This made her feel strange. Keep the contacts, or go back to glasses and be true to oneself? Daria tossed the contacts, and got her old self back.

Karen's Trip
Karen wanted to go on a trip to France. She started doing research on the trip. She decided to book a week long trip. She left the next day for her trip. She had the best time ever on her trip.

Sally's school
Sally was in middle school. Every day, she walked three miles to school. One day, Sally decided she didn't want to walk anymore. Sally went to the store and bought a bike. From then on, Sally biked to school.

The New Alphabet
Stan was bored one day and tried to better rearrange the alphabet. He put the vowels at the start and all the useless letters at the end. In the middle put his favorite letters in order of favoriteness. He then made a song to better memorize his order. Everyone loved the song but was too attached to the original.

Husband's New Truck
My husband got a new truck. He had his eyes on the truck for a while. He finally decided to go down and buy it. He worked out a good deal with the salesman. When he brought the truck home, he smiled like a kid on Christmas.

Two Day Shipping
I bought a tool I needed off of Amazon. I paid extra for two day shipping. It didn't arrive for six days. I called to complain. They offered me a refund on my shipping costs and I accepted.

The Walk
Jerry was running very late to school. He hurried to get ready, but when he went outside the bus had left. Jerry was very sad because that meant he would have to walk. Not wanting to miss school Jerry started walking. He made it to school just as the morning bell rung.

Daniel Meets a Girl
Daniel had always thought he was too short to get a girlfriend. One day his friend Tyler invited him to a party. At the party he met a girl named Courtney. She liked him and she did not notice he was short. Daniel was surprised and excited that he had a girlfriend.

Rain
Hannah decided to go for a walk. She was far away from home when it suddenly started raining. Hannah ran home as fast as she could. When she arrived home she was soaked and freezing. Hannah decided she would always check the weather from now on.

Golf
Mike asked his brother to play golf. He said once he got better he would go with him. From the first time they played, Mike always won. He would never lose to his brother. He was proud to make him eat his words.

Swimming to a rock.
Geoff was camping at the lake. He was bored one afternoon and wanted to go swimming. He saw a rock off the side of the beach and decided to swim to it. It was really difficult, and he almost didn't make it. Luckily, he made it to the rock and it was really pretty there.

Vacationing in Japan
The family went to Japan over the summer. They took a 12 hour flight to get there. When they arrived they saw a colorful city. They went to their hotel to unpack their things. Afterwards they enjoyed the food on the streets.

Vasoline
I decided to dye my own hair. I always found it hard to not get dye on my head, ears and neck. I head read about a tip to prevent that. It told me to put vaseline on the skin areas I didn't want to dye. It worked like a charm.

The Plan
Gina had a plan to get a classmate's backpack away from him. She needed to get a friend to help her. Her friend Tami was afraid they would be suspended if caught. So she refused to help her search the bag. Gina was upset, but she understood, and forgave Tami.

Physical Education
My professor made everyone jog across the track several times. After we stopped at the field, he immediately got some equipment out. We were playing flag football, so we put on our flags. The first ball was served to me and I had to run with it. I ended up making the first touchdown.

Underwater
Christie does not like to swim. Her family wants to go to the pool today. Christie is upset and voiced her displeasure to her family members. Christie's siblings tell her that they will support her. Christie ends up having a good time at the pool.

Bob Goes To Dentist
Bob hate to go to the dentist. He was always scared to get his teeth cleaned. Bob was sweating before his dentist appointment today. His dentist cleaned his teeth before he knew it. Bob was given some free mouthwash afterwards.

Save the Friendship
My friend got  upset  with when I  told  her  I  had  a  date. I  agreed  to  go  with  a  boy that  she  had a   crush  on. She never  told  me  about  this  boy. I did  not  want  to  upset  my  friend. I  did  not  go  with  the  boy to save our  friendship.

Flower Girl
Missy was going to be a flower girl in her cousin's wedding. She practiced at home how she would walk down the aisle. She used popcorn as pretend flower petals. The day of the wedding she was ready to go. She did a perfect job putting down petals for the bride.

Selling Houses
Jane had put up her house on the market just last week. She patiently waited for the open house to be over. Finally, the last few couples left her house and she was tired. She felt a range of emotions and talked to the realtor. She told him that she decided to keep her house.

Cell Phone
Luke broke his phone. He knew he had to get a new one. Luke went to the electronics store. He bought a brand new phone. He was excited to have a working phone again.

Canine Enemy
Miss Ruth had an enemy in the neighborhood. No one knew who it was but every day someone put dog poop on her porch. My Dad tried to set up a surveillance system to catch the culprit. All he ever got was blank film. Until one day he caught our dog leaving a present on the porch.

Holiday Cheer
Annie was alone for the holidays. She cleaned her house until it was spotless. She baked cookies and cakes and set them out. Annie broke down in tears when no one came to visit her. She shot her her brains out, making a mess on her clean floor.

Take an Umbrella!
Lou was going for a job interview. His mother told him to take an umbrella since it could rainy. He was confident he would be fine without one. He had to park two blocks from the interview. He was soaked by the time he arrived for his meeting.

Snow break
It snowed for three days. The children were driving me crazy. I put them all in snow suits and sent them outside Just as I drew a sigh of relief, I heard a crash. The little heathens had climbed up on the roof and were sledding off.

Bernie Runs For President
Bernie was fed up with income inequality. Bernie decided to run for president. The main stream media tried to suppress him. Eventually his voice was heard. Making an amazing comeback he won the nomination and the presidency.

low prices
Ana needed gas in her car. But the prices in her town were so high! She took a drive out the the reservation. There, gas was almost a dollar cheaper. Ana filled her tank at the reservation!

Hollywood
When George was little, he liked to go the movies with his parents. He enjoyed all types of films and became very interested in filmmaking In college, he and his friends made their first movie. A movie studio saw the film and asked to purchase it. George agreed and his movie was enjoyed by millions of people.

Oswald's Ticket
Oswald decided to drive to the store. He pulled out of his driveway and sped down the road. A policeman pulled him over. He gave Oswald a ticket for reckless driving. Oswald decided to never drive to the store again.

Learning to swim.
Sally was eight and couldn't swim. Her older brother Eli decided to teach her. He helped her get comfortable in the pool. Then, he helped her to practice swimming around. After a few hours, she finally got the hang of it.

Clark wins
Clark makes a bet with his friend Tom The bet is to see if Clark can stay awake all night It's around 3 am and clark pinches himself to stay awake He has to make it to 8 am to win the bet and has a cup of coffee. The coffee kept him up all night and he won the bet.

Police Brutality
Derrick had a drug warrant and ran away from the police. But he didn't run far. In a motel parking lot he threw his hands up and gave up. But the officers beat him bloody and unconscious. All five officers resigned, but Derrick has a lot of broken bones.

Fishing Dock
Mark had set his pole on the ground waiting for fish. There were other people fishing but no one having any luck. After a few hours Mark got bored and decided to try using his net. He walked to the end of the dock and began to swish his net. Just then, his fishing pole was pulled into the water by a fish.

Stick Shift
Joanna always wanted to be able to drive a manual car. She has never tried it before but was sure she didn't know how. She asked her dad if he could teach her one day. They went out to a vacant road and he spent the afternoon showing her. Now Joanna can drive a stick shift like a professional!

Going to south america
I had always wanted to go to south america. I saved up as much money as I could for a year. I took my vacation from work after saving enough money. I travelled to a very nice hotel. I went to exotic sites and swam at the beach.

The TV
Horace got a new TV for his family. He warned his kids to be very careful around it. One day his daughters decided to play catch inside. They broke the TV with the ball. Horace was very angry.

Bike Testing
Alex got a bike for his birthday, and wanted to give it a try. He left his own party early, and rode as fast as he could up the road. After a few passes, he got more bold and tried some tricks. His first trick was to ride with his eyes closed, and his hands up. Alex crashed his bike into the curb, ruining it in just one day!

Face Paint
Jennifer wanted to get her face painted at the carnival. Her mother said no because it was too expensive. When they got home Jennifer found a can of paint. She painted her face completely blue. Her mom told her it was house paint and she cried.

Jake's Bad Day
Jake had a hard time getting out of bed. He put on his shirt backwards. He then proceeded to leave the house with two pairs of different shoes. He arrived to work late. His coworkers laughed at his misfortunes.

Killing a Penguin
I went to the north pole once. It was part of a scientific expedition. We were supposed to get ice samples from deep ice cores. It was important research to prevent catastrophic climate change. But really I just went so that I can finally kill a penguin.

Watch A Little TV
Gina couldn't fall asleep. But her grandma insisted she go to bed when she did. Gina crept to the living room to watch TV. Her grandma didn't have cable and nothing was on. Gina went back to bed and waited for sleep to come.

The best cupcakes.
Molly was on her way home from a business trip. At the airport, she saw a world-famous cupcake restaurant. She decided to bring some home. She got a box of four cupcakes. At home, her family each tried one and loved them.

Fiscal Priorities
Jill went to prom on Friday. However, right before, her dress ripped. She had to go and get a new dress at the last minute. Jill did not want to miss prom. To her, the money for the new dress was worth it.

Competition
Matt thought he was very good a certain game. He decided to enter a local tournament. He showed up and won his first game and was excited. He then proceeded to get beaten badly by the next two competitors. He was discouraged, but still determined to get better at the game.

Cattle Prod
One day while cleaning out a shed Peter found a strange pole. He was short so he used it to help him reach things. As he was reaching up to move a light it let out a bang. The light shattered and Peter brought down the stick. He realized it was a cattle prod and he stopped using it after that.

The weather
The snow began to fall heavily. My brother, sister and I couldn't wait to play. We got into our snow suits and found our hats and mittens. We went out and threw snow balls and made a snowman. We didn't stay out long though because it was so cold.

Work
My sister in law is very angry about her job. She is a waitress at an assisted living facility. She asked to take her vacation December 1st. They said no, maybe December 18th. They just told her to wait for the new year.

Procrastination
Eli's teacher gave him a large project at the beginning of the year. He decided to put it off as long as possible. His teacher reminded the class that it was due the next week. Eli rushed to finish the project as quickly as he could. He barely got a C on the project and has decided to no longer wait.

Winning Slot Machine
On a whim, Kathy and Nola decided to go to Atlantic City to gamble. For the first 4 hours, they both did terribly. Then, just before they were ready to give up, Kathy hit the Jackpot. She took her earnings and, being a nice person, split them with Nola. They both decided to stay in Atlantic City an extra week.

Spider
Eric was doing his homework. But he noticed a giant spider on his wall. He went to his kitchen to get something to hit it with. But when he returned to his room, the spider was gone. Eric spent all night worrying about the spider.

Tight Fit
Mitch rented a moving van to move his stuff to his new house. He spent all morning putting his things in it. By noon it was nearly full. Mitch had to tie things to the roof. He got all in but it was a tight fit.

helium
Anna had a helium balloon. She put it up to her mouth and inhaled. Then she started talking. She laughed at her silly-sounding voice! Anna had a great time with her helium balloon.

A Camera
The man down the street has a nice DSLR. The device can take high resolution slow motion pictures. We set the camera up to capture the local cat jumping. I had to scare the cat by throwing a tennis ball at it. I missed, and the cat didn't move an inch.

College Food
The boys in the dorm were getting hungry. They decided to walk over to the dining hall for dinner. The food there looked disgusting. They left immediately. The hungry boys stopped at McDonalds to eat on the way home.

Pervert
I saw a weird man at the park today. He was acting very inappropriately with the park equipment. I didn't go near him. I went home and told my dad. He called the police.

A trip to the doctor.
Oliver had a doctor's appointment. He had to take the bus to the office. Once he was there he got checked in. The doctor saw him and everything looked healthy. At the end of the appointment, he got a flu shot.

Landscape
Gina was in the backseat watching the road fly by. Her dad was driving fast trying to get to Illinois. Everyone else was asleep. Gina stared out the window at the trees, and farms. She found the boring landscape somehow soothing.

The busy day
Samantha was very busy during the day. She constantly thought about how to get all her work done. She thought of writing a schedule everyday. She started to write a schedule for her busy day. She felt she can get most of her work done during the day.

Dave fights his brother
Dave's mom asked him and his brother Steve to get the groceries. Dave jumped off the couch and went out to the car. After three trips, he realized that Steve had not yet moved. Dave screamed at his brother to help, but Steve ignored Dave. Dave jumped on top of Steve and punched him in the eye.

Last Minute Save
I stayed home since I didn't have money to go out. However, my grandmother left a card near my computer desk. There were several hundred dollars in a birthday envelope. After thanking her, I went to pick up my girlfriend. We went out for dinner.

Rodney's Problem
Rodney had a big test coming up in school. He needed to do well on the test in order to pass the class. He wanted to study but his friends kept asking him to go out with them. He decided that studying can wait and went out with his friends. Rodney did not do well on his test because he didn't study enough.

Tim Makes It Big In The Stock Market
Tim had invested his annual savings into the stock market. He put the majority of this money in one stock. After a few months his portfolio started increasing. By the end of the year Tim had accumulated 1 million dollars. Tim was able to retire early at the age of 30.

Watch your step
I woke up in the middle of the night. I was thirsty. I went to go get a glass of water without turning on the lights. I stepped on my dog in the hallway! I learned that I should always turn on the lights at night.

Weird Discovery
Jen decided to go to the park today. Her mom helped her climb on top of the slide. She also tried to move through the tunnel. However, she found an old man inside. He was sleeping.

Accepted Offer
Karen and Stan found their dream house. They put in an offer and waited impatiently for an answer. Their realtor called while they were out and talked to their daughter. She told the daughter the results of the negotiation. Their daughter told them the good news when they got home.

Dave
Dave and his wife are quite old. They've recently found religion and seem rejoiced. They attend church and join the choir. While singing, Dave feels very happy. Dave and his wife are rejuvenated by religion.

Biscuits.
Lucy was making the biscuits for dinner by herself. She placed the biscuits in the buttery pan. Her grandma helped her place the pan in the oven. When done Lucy put on oven gloves so she could take them out. Lucy moved slowly, but she burned her arm on the oven door.

The Sisters
Beth wanted to go to her friend May's house. Her mother stopped her and made her take her little sister. Beth told her sister Ali to behave while at May's house. Beth was talking to may when Ali started fighting with May's sister. Beth and May broke the girls up before anyone was hurt.

Slippery Roads
It was a cold and brisk morning. Mike rushed to get to work on time. The roads were slippery as he was driving. He lost control of his car near an intersection. Luckily, his car was able to come to a slow stop safety.

A Pony Ride
Bonnie begged her parents to get her a pony. Unfortunately, ponies are very expensive. Her parents could not buy her one, but they did plan a surprise. On her birthday they took her to a farm where a pony was saddled up. She had a big smile on her face as she got onto the pony to ride it.

Branch Merging
At work my branch combined with another branch. I have now been put in charge of twice of many people. I was a little overwhelmed at first so I hired an assistant. He was able to help me out with a lot of the workload. I love having an assistant.

Travel Failure
I needed to go to Europe for business. It now takes a lot of paperwork to travel. I submitted all my forms. They didn't reach the authorities in time. I couldn't complete my trip.

The Old Barn
My friends and I used to play in an old barn by our town. My friends and I would hide in the loft and play in the hay. The farmer who owned the barn decided to tear it down. My friends and I watched as the barn was destroyed. We felt sad that one of our favorite places to play was gone.

A bee near the bus.
Lily was just finishing at the doctor's office. She was sitting at the bus stop waiting to go home. Suddenly a bee began hovering around her. She freaked out and got up to move away from it. Luckily, the bus arrived soon and she was able to flee from the bee.

Louvre
Kate was an aspiring artist. She took a trip to Paris to see museums and get art ideas. Her first stop was the Louvre. There, she admired the paintings, like the Mona Lisa. Kate got so much inspiration from the Louvre.

Dinner Party
Milly cooked a big dinner. Her guests began to arrive one by bone. One guest had not by the appointed start of dinner. Milly waited fifteen minutes and finally the guest showed up. The dinner party began and all had a good time.

The Cookie Decision
As a kid I once entered the kitchen while my mom was making cookies. I was intoxicated by the smell of the baking cookies. My mom told me she had to leave but I better not eat the cookies. I lost all will power, eating the cookies in a huff. I got grounded for a week for indulging in that pleasure.

Cannon ball
Bob was swimming in his local pool. He loved to go there to cool down. He was doing laps when he was splashed with a large wave. His daughter did a cannonball into the pool! Bob retaliated by splashing water back at her.

Van Backs Up
Gina needed to back up to gain speed on an icy hill. And cars behind her made that impossible. She was going to get out to ask them to back up for her. She unbuckled her seat belt, and was about to open her door. Just then the van began backing up clearing the way for her to do so.

Like the Rest
I put my pants on one leg at a time. Then I put my shirt on two arms at a time. It then occurred to me that these two things are not so different. I took my pants off and tried the two leg method. It was much faster and I decided to never go back to the old way.

Broken Sled
Abby wanted to go sledding. She walked to the park with the biggest hill. The hill was so fast Abby could not control the sled. She crashed into a tree. Poor Abby broke her sled.

Cam
Cam was packing his lunch for school. Then he realized that he had forgotten to shop! Hurriedly, he put a banana and a can of soup into his lunchbox. At school, he got a surprise for lunch. His class had a pizza party and he did not need his makeshift lunch!

stars
Tim was looking at the stars. He thought they were beautiful. His dad told him that people get paid to watch stars. Tim decided that he wanted that job. Tim studied hard and became an astronomer.

False Hope
Gina was stuck in traffic and hoping it would pick up. Just then the cars began to move and hope returned. Then she saw a bus moving on to the shoulder. traffic hadn't moved as much as she hoped. It had just moved enough to fill in the space of the bus.

Stain
Tia spilled coffee on her new skirt. She hurried to remove it and scrub the stain. She treated it with a strong stain remover. Then she washed it normally. Tia was relieved to see that the stain was gone!

Christmas Gift
Sue didn't know what to buy her husband for Christmas. She decided to try to get an idea of what he liked. She went through his things and found some golf clubs. This inspired Sue to purchase something golf related for her husband. She went online and immediately purchased new golf shoes in his size.

Supernatural
Mary didn't believe in ghosts. But when she bought her new house, strange things started happening. Chairs would move and the sounds of someone on the stairs scared her. Mary had a Medium investigate and had the home blessed by a priest. May's house is quiet now, but she's changed her opinion on ghosts.

popcorn
Sal grew corn in his field. He took a few ears and buttered them. Then he put them in the microwave. The kernels began to explode. Sal had made his own popcorn!

Gift
My little cousin's birthday was coming up. He was turning three Year's old, and I didn't know what to get him. I went to the local book store in search for a book. After searching the children's aisle, I settled on Green Eggs and Ham. My cousin unwrapped his gift, and took a bite out of the first page.

The Forgetful Tooth Fairy
Hunter lost his first tooth. He couldn't wait to see what the Tooth Fairy would leave him. In the morning, however, his tooth was still under his pillow! His mother seemed particularly upset when he told her. She promised him the Tooth Fairy would come the next night.

Hungry
Ashley was really hungry. She wanted to get up and get a snack. However, her roommate was using the kitchen. Ashley's stomach hurt from her hunger. She killed her roommate out of impatience.

At Fault
Danny was driving in the heavy rain. A pedestrian was trying to walk across the road before anyone passed. Danny didn't look for a second and ended up hitting the person. The person got into a coma and was brought to the hospital. Danny stayed by his side for a few days.

Black Friday
Jackie was very excited for black friday. She was hoping to get a great deal on a new TV. When she arrived at the store it was more crowded than she expected. She worked her way to the TV section in hopes of finding a good deal. All of the TVs were sold out, she went home very sad.

The Tractor
Bill always wanted a green tractor. At night he dreamed of green tractors. Every morning he asked his mom if he could get a green tractor. His mom always said if you save your allowance you can buy one. Bill saved his money till he was twenty.

Discovery
It was the first time hanging out with my cousin. We went to an arcade to play a few games. We also decided to take a walk in the park. Although we're not close, she said a lot of things. My impression of her became more positive.

Trip to Miami
Yolanda was going to take a girls trip to Miami Beach to have some fun. The girls were excited to get away and go to the beach. The second the girls stepped foot on the beach, they got in the water. The water was amazing and the girls had a blast swimming. Time flew by as the girls spent three hours in the water.

Missing Pilot
The band needs to get on their plane to Italy . But the pilot is nowhere to be found. So they call another pilot. He charges them twice as much. But the gang gets there on time.

Babysitting
Sandra had to babysit her cousin. Her cousin was a chore to take care of. Sandra had to get her to sleep. Or she would lose her mind. Finally her cousin fell asleep.

Dog Training
Steven's girlfriend wanted them to get a pet dog. He made a deal that she would have to train it. After they bought the dog, she broke up with him and moved. Steven was stuck with a dog he didn't know how to teach. But the dog ended up just what Steven needed to get over the break-up.

Walkie Talkie
Dan was excited to open his Christmas gifts. He opened all the gifts under the tree. He was upset he didn't get what he asked for. His mother handed him another box she had hidden. Dan jumped for joy when he saw the Walkie Talkies he asked for.

Restaurant robbery
Harold and his wife were eating lunch at a cafe. Suddenly while eating, the doors of the restaurant burst open. Men with guns told everyone to get on the ground and not move. The men made the restaurant and diners give them all of their money. After they left, Harold and his wife went home very sad.

Roller rink
Two sisters decided to go roller skating. Anne was scared, Lizzie was not. When they started skating, Lizzie started doing tricks. Suddenly, Lizzie slipped and fell hard, injuring her back. Anne told her she should've learned from her and been careful!

Aya
Aya was studying Japanese art. She wanted to take a trip to japan to see it firsthand. She held a bake sale and car wash to raise money. Soon she had enough to finance her trip. She went to japan for three weeks and had a great time!

Bikini Blues
Gwen wanted a bikini to bring to summer camp. Her mom tried to coax Gwen to get a practical one-piece. Gwen prevailed and packed the bikini for camp. At the lake, she was thrilled to be the only girl in a daring bikini. After diving off the platform, Gwen saw why a one-piece made sense.

The Teenager
James is a good teenager. He got mixed up with the wrong crowd. It didn't take long till James found himself in trouble. James told his friends that he could not hang around them anymore. James has been staying out of trouble since.

Thief
Tony was at a toys store. He saw a baseball that he wanted. He put it in his pocket. A security guard noticed it. But he felt bad and nicely asked Tony to put the baseball back.

jaws
When I was little, I saw the movie "Jaws". For some time after that I was afraid to take a bath. My brother told me that sharks will come and get me. He said that they could swim up and come out the drain. Mother told me the truth and brother got yelled at.

Aldi
We had a new grocery store open in our neighborhood. It is not like other stores that we are used to. You pay for your cart with a quarter and you bring your own bags. The store is not open 24 hours like most grocery stores. The store is small but the prices are great and food is good.

John Chooses His College
John was a great basketball player. John was offered an athletic scholarship to 8 universities. He went to visit each university to decide where to go. John held a ceremony to announce his decision. John decided to go to Duke to play basketball.

A Winner
Betty trained her dog Jack to do a lot of tricks. Jack was a natural. Betty decided to enter Jack in the town dog show. They practiced every day and Jack even got a haircut. The big day came and Jack took home all the prizes!

Ex Boyfriend
Jane had a boyfriend she loved very much. Her boyfriend was working late one night. Jane decided to go out and eat. Jane saw her boyfriend walking and holding hands with another girl. Jane now has an ex boyfriend.

Small World
During winter break, I went to the mall with a few friends. We ate dinner and walked around the outlet stores. Before we left, we decided to go to the bathroom. Although it was hard to believe, I ran into other friends. We talked for a little bit and exchanged phone numbers.

Laundry Troubles
Martha's clothes were piling up and she had to do the laundry. She put her dirty clothes in the washer. As she waited for the cycle to finish she heard a loud THUD. Water and soap suds were spilling out of her washer! She stopped the machine and cleaned up the mess.

The Accident
Randi woke Roman up at 8:00 to get ready for school. He brushed his teeth, got dressed and had breakfast. They both got into the car and drove to school. When they arrived, Randi accidentally hit another car. She spent the rest of the day dealing with her insurance company.

Top
Freddy was an urban explorer. He liked to go to abandoned areas. He went to one abandoned mansion. He ended up getting caught. The cops let him go though.

The lemonade stand.
Abbey wanted to start a lemonade stand. She put a table outside. Then, she got a pitcher. In it, she made lemonade. For the rest of the day, she sold tons of cups.

Time Enough
Bill thought that he had enough time. He set his watch five minutes fast just in case. But he knew that his watch was fast. So he gave himself five minutes slack. But he ended up being five minutes late.

The Bounce House
Arnold had a small bounce house that was perfect to play in. Arnold loved to go in his bounce house and play with balls inside. One day while he was in the bounce house, all the air came out. The bounce house collapsed around Arnold. Arnold's dad came running over to blow the bounce house back up.

Dirty Laundry
Mark fell in a mud puddle and needed to clean his clothes. He went to a laundromat but he was too dirty to let in. The owner told him to go around the back if he wanted to be clean. Mark around the laundromat and the owner greeted him with a hose. The dirt and mud washed away as Mark was hosed down.

Cole
Cole wanted to give his mom a great present. But everything he saw was too expensive for him! Finally he decided to make her something homemade. He rose early on Christmas and made her breakfast in bed. His mom said it was the best gift she could want!

Computer
John works at an electronics store and just sold a computer. He tried to get the customer to buy the warranty in case it breaks. The customer didn't want to spend the extra money though. A week later the customer came back and said the computer broke. John just shook his head and smiled.

Cowardly Climber
My college roommate Bill was an avid rock climber. He once invited me to go climbing with him. I accepted his invitation. I spent ten seconds hanging by a carabiner before screaming for help. Bill dragged me to safety, swearing he'd never seen such a baby!

New Library.
I went to get a book at the library but the library was flooded. I asked the librarian what I could do to help. She told me I could help raise money for a new library. I held bake sales and other fundraisers until we had enough money. Now we have a beautiful new library.

Jim Remembers Saturday.
A guy named Tim was feeling tired. He knew that he needed to get up for work, but didn't want to. He decided that he would call in sick. When he called his boss, he remembered that it was Saturday. Jim went back to bed.

Hide and Seek
Sarah and her brother Tom were playing hide and seek. Tom was hiding but Sarah couldn't find him anywhere. She had looked everywhere except the basement, which she feared. Facing her fears, she tiptoed down the stairs. She found him and was proud to have been brave!

Bubble Tea
One day, I took my friend to get bubble tea. He had never had it before. He was surprised to find tapioca pearls in his cup. I explained that they were supposed to be there. He learned to like it.

Vet
We had to take the dog to the vet because she was hurt. We put her in the car and drove to the vet's office. The dog wasn't happy with us, but she let the vet examine her. The vet said she had only sprained her leg. She wrapped the leg up and we were able to take the dog home.

Elephant
Tom had accrue paid time off vacation days at work. He decided to visit his friends home country of Sri Lanka. He saw many unique sights there. He rode elephants. He cherished his experience with the large animals.

Mistake
John was out at the mall with his friends. They decided to go into a department store to look around. One of John's friends thought it would be fun to shoplift a small item John joined him, but as they were leaving he was caught. John learned his lesson and never shoplifted again.

Apartment
Tim was looking to move out of his parents house. He searched in the newspaper and online. He could not find an apartment anywhere. One day he passed a sign that said an apartment was for rent. He called the number and was able to move in the same day!

Cast in the Way
Cathy went to the doctor to get her foot checked out. The doctor's examination showed that the foot was broken. Cathy had to drive to the orthopedist's office to get a cast. Cathy found it very hard to driving home with a cast. Once she was home she sat in a chair and didn't move for 5 hours.

School Crayons
Nell loved to draw, so she was excited to get to color at school. She couldn't wait to use her crayons when she got her coloring sheet. She turned in her coloring page, proud of her work. When the page was returned, it had a frowning face on top. Nell took her crayons home and broke each one in pieces.

Christmas Shopping
I went Christmas shopping for my oldest daughter and was to spoil her. When I got into the store it was like a circus had just been released. I had to push through people to get the items I wanted to purchase. I quickly retrieved the last item I was getting and proceeded to pay. I went to pay for the gifts and the total was two hundred dollars.

Dog
There was a dog stuck at home while his owners worked. She really, really, really had to go pee. But the doors were all closed. So she peed in the corner of the living room. Her owners yelled at her when they got home.

Pizza Disappointment
My friend and I decided to make pizza. We made the dough from scratch. Then, we put the toppings on the pizza and baked it. It tasted weird. We realized we'd made sweet dough and not pizza dough!

The cakewalk win.
Mandy was at a fair. She had been playing the cake walk for awhile. She wanted to win a cake, but kept losing. She was about to give up and leave but decided to wait. Luckily, the next round she won a cake.

The Riot
Larry wanted to go to the rally. On the way there he noticed police cars. Things had gotten out of control. It had turned into a full blown riot. He turned around and went home instead.

Petting Zoo
Alfred always wanted to go to a petting zoo. He got his wish for his twelfth birthday. His parents took him and his friends to one. There he got bit by the first animal he tried to pet. Now he hates petting zoos.

Using pens
There was a man who worked at a job. His job was to take notes. He used a very heavy pen to take notes. One day the pen broke the paper. He switched to a lighter pen after that.

Stomach Ache
Nancy ate a cold cut sandwich that her mom gave her. A few hours later, her stomach started to growl. She was whining and her mom had to take her to the emergency room. The doctor took a look at her condition. She said that Nancy simply had a lot of gas.

Mardi Gras
Jane was visiting New Orleans with her sorority. It was Mardi Gras and they were watching the parades. Suddenly, some boys asked if they wanted to ride on their float. The girls climbed on and got to ride in the parade. They got tons of beads and candy.

A junior ranger.
Samson was doing a junior ranger program. First he had to fill out some puzzles. Then, he had to go on a hike. Finally, he was ready. He talked to a ranger and earned his badge.

Show and Tell
Johnny's teacher said the kids could bring pets for show and tell. Johnny was downhearted because he didn't have a pet. He pleaded with his parents, but they wouldn't budge. Johnny got an idea. He put candy fish in a bowl of water to bring to school.

Oliver's Commute
Oliver had to drive into the office. Traffic was very bad. He called his boss to let her know he might be late. A police officer saw him on the phone and pulled him over. Oliver didn't get a ticket, but he was late to work anyway.

Movie Night
The Berks family gets together about once a month. They take turns who will host dinner and a movie night. It's a way the family keeps in touch with each other. Mother Berks brings the candy and popcorn. All of the family uses these times to bond.

The friend's at the mountain.
Sarah was skiing with her family. Suddenly she saw a girl from her school class. The two started talking and decided to hang out together. They spent all day skiing together. At the end of the day, the girl came to Sarah's for a sleepover.

Burning Dinner
Bob was making dinner for his entire family. He decided to make cheeseburgers on his outdoor grill. He fired up the grill and put the burger patties on. He got talking with his brother and lost track of time. He opened the grill back up and saw hockey pucks instead of burgers.

Lily and her dog
Lily always brought her dog to the store. Many people complained about the dog. One day the manager of the store to not bring the dog. Lily ignored the manager and brought the dog anyway. The next time she brought her dog, she was arrested.

Jean
Jean broke her ankle right before summer break. She wondered what she would do if she was confined to crutches. She decided to take up chess and found it very fun. She joined a chess club and met friends there. Jean's ankle healed but her love for chess club remained.

Daycare
When her baby was three months old, Joy had to go back to work. She brought the baby to daycare. That evening, she went into the daycare center. She found her baby pushed into the corner, wet and dirty. Joy quit her job and became a stay at home mom.

Party For Mom
Tim was busy making a grocery store list. He was planning to throw a big party for his mother. He bought lots of pizza and meat. He prepared the food that evening. When his mother got home he surprised her with all the food!

The Hometown Trip
Vivian was feeling nostalgic during her rare visit to her hometown. She was excited to return to the old grocery store. But she was soon confronted with an ugly reality. All the clerks were incredibly rude! Now she remembered why she left her hometown.

Jack's Bullies
Jack was getting bullied on his way to school. The bigger kids would surround him and take his bookbag and dump it. His brother devised a plan. The next day the bullies grabbed Jack's bag and dumped it out. It was full of rubber snakes, causing them to scream and run away.

Appendicitis
Henry had to go in for surgery last week. He had appendicitis. It started when he felt a sudden pain in his appendix. Ultimately, he had to have his appendix removed. But now, at least, he doesn't have to worry about it.

Photo Op
Last week I was out with my wife. I rarely go out being disabled. We were parked near a bridge. I took an interesting photo of the rust on the bridge. It was a good photo opportunity.

Bubbles
Kim went to the library for story time. The librarian blew soap bubbles for the kids to catch. The bigger boys ran in front of Kim to catch the bubbles. Kim started crying. The librarian blew some bubbles just for Kim to catch.

Mom Waiting
Alice's mom needs to go to the doctor. She called Alice to come drive her. She sits for 30 minutes waiting for Alice. Alice's mom is getting angry, but Alice finally arrives After apologizing for being late, Alice drives her mom to the doctor.

A Mother's Nightmare
Ginny was exhausted from taking care of her baby Sienna every night. One day she was holding Sienna in her arms to feed her. As Sienna was feeding, Ginny started to fall asleep. Her arms dropped down to her side and Sienna fell to the floor. Ginny was startled awake by her crying baby.

Too heavy groceries.
Sarah was at the grocery store. She needed to get her stuff home but had no car. She began walking with several big grocery bags. They were too heavy and she kept having to pause. It took forever, but she eventually made it home.

Slacking Off
Gary didn't bother exercising today, and went to bed early. When he woke up, he put on his basketball uniform and left the house. The team got together to discuss gaming plans. Gary agreed to handle the ball first. When he started to run, he caught a cramp and fell.

Hamster on the Loose
Mike's hamster escaped from its cage. That night they put her favorite food in a tall bowl. They stacked some books so she could climb up. But if she went in, she wouldn't be able to climb back out. The next morning, they found her sleeping in the bowl.

The view
Alice went to New york on vacation. She bought a ticket to the tallest building in the city She stood in line for a long time to get on the elevator. She rode the lift to the top When the door opened she could see for miles.

Mexican Food
Becky is hungry. She wants to eat Mexican food. She convinces her family to go to her favorite Mexican restaurant. They eat all the food that they can. Becky is very satisfied now.

Austin
Austin was a very lazy boy. Every morning when he got to school, he laid his head down. Once his head was down, he would go to sleep. His teacher got tired of him doing this, so she made him stand up. Austin soon learned to take his naps at home!

Sold Out.
Michael was a sneaker head. He's been trying to get a pair of Adidas 350 for almost a year. They are limited sales, and go out within minutes. Michael has registered for ten different sites to try and get a pair. He's staying up all night in hopes to be the first.

Crazy Neighbor
Bill and Lynn live next door to a very strange lady. This neighbor of theirs chants prayers in her yard every night. Lynn has been trying to convince Bill to leave the lady alone. Bill can't stand it anymore. Lynn is going to be angry, but the police have been called.

The wrong cake.
Lacy was getting ready for her son's birthday. She had just finished his cake and was about to bring it out. Her husband came in and saw the cake. He asked why she hadn't done his favorite character for the cake. Lacy realized that she had done the wrong character for the cake.

A Party Invitation
Mike got a party invitation to Ted's party. Tim did not get an invitation to the same party. Since Mike and Tim were close friends, Mike talked to Ted. After some talk, Mike convinces Ted to allow Tim to go. Mike and Tim went to Ted's party.

Bedtime
Little Lorraine did not want to go to bed. First she required a story. After the story she claimed she needed to be cuddled. After being cuddled she demanded to be sung to while being rocked. Then after all of those requirements were met she still fought on.

Discovery
I helped my friend Have move out of his home. I helped sell his stuff on eBay. While cleaning, he found condoms in his teenage daughter's room. He had an argument with her. I left the house while they were fighting.

Malcolm Takes a Walk
Malcolm decides he needs to leave his apartment at least once a day. He has barely left his bed today and is starting to feel lazy. Finally Malcolm gets up and takes a walk around his neighborhood. On his walk he sees a mighty slug. Malcolm is very happy that he left his apartment.

The hide and seek winner.
A group of kids were playing hide and seek. The youngest kid, a girl, was hiding in a drawer. Her spot was so good that she was the last one left hiding. Nobody could find her. Finally, she came out of her hiding spot and won the game.

Fashion show fun
Jill wanted to go the all the fashion shows with her friends. Every time they would go to the New York shows they get front row seat The show was about a half hour long and showcased beautiful collection The girls were thrilled at all the pretty clothes. They knew for sure they would buy many.

She said Yes
Jake had known his girlfriend Sarah for 5 years. Jake was madly in love and wanted to get married. He wanted to propose but was afraid of being turned down. He got brave and asked Sarah to marry him on their anniversary. Sarah was so happy and she accepted the proposal!

The interview
Lexi just turned 16. She wanted to get a part time job to earn some money. She went from store to store in the mall. At her fifth stop they wanted to interview her immediately. She was hired on the spot at a jewelry store.

Bad tattoo
Lucy wanted to get a tattoo of a rose. She went to the parlor to get it done. At first it looked good. Yet when it was done, it looked terrible. Lucy then had to go get it removed the next week.

Francisco Visits Home
Francisco hasn't been home to the Dominican Republic in Years. He has been working very hard in New York City to make money. Finally he saves enough money to visit his mother and Sister. When he gets home, he swims and eats the food he loved as a kid. When he flies back to New York City, Francisco feels homesick.

Plastic Bags
Gina had to carry her gallons of water in a plastic bag. She loaded each water in it's own bag. She was far too tired to carry them on one arm. So she split the bags between her two arms. Gina took a deep breath, and headed out into the snow storm.

Prom
Jake wanted to take Aly to prom. He wanted to ask her in a creative way. Jake wrote Aly a song that asked her to be his date. Aly was very impressed and accepted the offer. Jake was so glad that he asked Aly.

Circus Not Fun
Ralf used to like the circus. He would go every chance he got. Then one year a scary clown frightened him. He didn't like the circus from then on. The event still gives him nightmares.

Prom Date
Jake wanted to go to his senior prom. He asked his friend Sarah to accompany him. Sarah accepted his request. He rented a tuxedo and purchased their tickets. They had a wonderful time at the prom.

Spoiled
Mary and John had a baby. Mary and John wanted to give their baby everything. Mary and John's baby's name was Eric. Eric was very spoiled growing up. Now Eric is a very disrespectful man.

My A
Today's a big day for me. It's the last day that I can take my final test. this test isn't so hard I thought as I was taking it. I was so nervous as I waited for my result. The teacher called me into the room and showed me my perfect score.

Tyler and the Tar
Tar was recently spread over the streets outside Tyler's home. Tyler slept in and didn't realize this. Tyler was getting ready to leave for work. He locked up his house and walked out to his car. However, he was stopped when his feet sank into the fresh tar!

Soda
Ellen wanted to quit drinking soda. It was causing weight gain and hurting her teeth. So she began chewing sugar-free gum all day instead of sipping soda. At first, it was difficult to break her cravings for soda. But soon, Ellen had forgotten all about it!

Scruffy the Dog
Scruffy was the most precious poodle. She went outside through the doggy door. She put her snout to the ground and sniffed all around. The strong scent of a dead bird caught her attention. Scruffy dragged the dead bird inside the house to show her masters.

Tim's Big Test
Tim learned that he was failing science. He needed an "A" on the final to pass the class. Tim studied hard for two weeks. He thought he did extremely well when he took the test. Tim passed the class with a D-.

The scared tantrum.
Sarah had just put her toddler to bed. He was really unhappy and started to cry. She ignored him and soon the cry turned into a tantrum. He wouldn't quit screaming and kicking in his room. Finally, Sarah had to tuck him back in and scold him.

Canada
Hari decided to travel to Canada. He filed for a visa. His visa was accepted. Hari packed his bags and flew to Canada. He had a wonderful time traveling in Canada!

Cooking dinner
I was making dinner for my family the other night. I put the pasta in the boiling water. I started helping my kids with their homework. Before I knew it 30 minutes had gone by. My pasta had burned and we had to order a pizza.

The Door
Today I bought a new door for my house. I installed the door myself so I could save money. I put the door in the wrong way. I had to call a professional to help me with the installation. The door came out perfect and I decided not to install things myself.

Cornelia Learns to Paint
Cornelia had always been jealous of her friends who were artists. She works as an accountant, but she wishes she were an artist. One day she decides to take a painting class. She practices painting diligently every day for her class. Now Cornelia is proud to call herself an artist too.

Building the shed
My tools were becoming too abundant in my backyard. I needed a place to put them to keep them together. I decided to build a small shed. I went to a home improvement store and bought a shed kit. I returned home and set up the shed in my yard.

Car Loan
I wanted to buy a car. I was too poor. I decided to get a car loan. The bank offered me thirty thousand dollars. I could finally buy a car!

Hiding
Tim was playing hide and seek. He hid in the bushes. He saw his friend looking. Tim began to laugh. His friend immediately found him.

Becoming an Artist.
I have always been better than average at art, especially drawing. The last three years, I have dedicated some time to get great at it. I'm pretty good now, and I'm honestly being humble. Looking back, learning art concepts was ridiculously easy. I can't believe how long I took it took me to learn these concepts.

Grandma's Present
Grandma had always wanted to run a restaurant. She'd been saving up for decades. We surprised her on her 80th birthday with a big check. Grandma took it and what she'd already saved and bought a place. She ran it with love and grace until she died at a hundred and five.

Inside out
Fred was running late for school. He put on whatever shirt he could find. He went downstairs. Then he realized it was inside out. He had to change it.

Bad fit
I went to the store one day to buy clothes. I found a cool looking pair of pants and purchased them. I went home and put them on but they didn't fit. I took the pair back to the store and got a replacement. I went home and the jeans fit much better.

Taking the bus.
Sierra was late for work. Usually she walked, but she needed to take the bus. On the bus, she saw some weird people. One person began bugging her and ranting to her. She hurried off of the bus and promised not to ride again.

Lego blocks
Billy's son watched youtube videos all day. Billy wants his son to go outside more. He puts Lego blocks outside for his son to play with. His son is excited to play outside. His son plays outside the entire day.

Braces
Mary had braces put on when she started her junior year. A lot of people made fun of her during the school year. When her senior year came around, Mary still had her braces on. Mary finally graduated and she even had her braces removed. She went on to college with a smile and a lot of confidence.

Catch the mouse
Tim saw a mouse in his home. He tried to catch it. The mouse got away. Tim decided to get a cat. The cat got the mouse in five minutes.

Garden
June had decided to start a garden. She bought some helpful books to get her started. June decided to plant a variety of vegetables. With tender love and care, they began to grow. June took pride with every bite of a vegetable from her garden.

Broken Vase
Lily was playing with a ball in the house. She threw the ball up and failed to catch it. It bounced and knocked over her mom's vase, breaking it. Lily wrote her mom an apology note and tried to clean up the mess. When mom got home, she said it was ok since the vase was just junk.

Hot Pot
Last night I put of pot of water on the stove to boil. I had forgot about the pot for so long the water boiled off. I had to let the pot cool before I could touch the handle. The high heat of the stove ruined the finish of the pot. I tossed the ruined pot in the garbage.

No Grip
Gina couldn't open her frozen car door. She tried and tried, but couldn't get a grip on the door frame. She decided she would need something to pry it open. She tried to open her trunk to find something. The trunk was also frozen shut.

Jim goes to the Super Bowl
Jim wanted to go to the Super Bowl. He saved money for ten Year's. Jim bought tickets as soon as they went on sale. The weekend of the game Jim wore his team's colors. The Super Bowl was one of the best days of Jim's life.

Cat
My wife's cat is not very friendly. She does let my wife approach her. Last night my wife came up close to take a photo. The cat swiped at the camera with her paw. My wife was surprised.

Peacoat
My son came home to visit yesterday. He cooked dinner for us. He said he was going shopping for a peacoat as his was torn. I had an extra one and gave it to him. He was pleased to get a good coat.

Passing Notes.
Brett had a crush on a girl named Elsa. He decided to pass her a not that asked if she liked him too. He put a little yes or no box for her to check. He passed it to her and anxiously waited for it to return. Right before it reached him the teacher took it and threw it away.

Sylvia's Bad Day
Sylvia had a sub-par performance review at work. It put a damper on her morning. She spilled coffee on her white shirt. Her work computer crashed. Sylvia was ready for this day to be over.

Visiting Devin
My friend Devin invited me to his house. I decided I would go visit him. I packed my bags up. I drove for hundreds of miles to his house. I spent a week with him and had fun.

Violin
Veronica wanted to learn to play the violin. Veronica conducted research to find a qualified teacher. Once she found a teacher, she decided to visit the teacher's studio. After the visit, Veronica decided to sign up for the lessons. Veronica was excited to be learning to play the violin.

Sunday Snores
Makenzie and Annie had a sleepover on Saturday. The two of them sat up until 3 AM laughing and talking. On Sunday morning they had to get up early for church. It was really funny when they both started snoring in the service. Even the Pastor laughed at them!

Monkeys at the zoo
Harvey was very excited to go to the zoo to see the monkeys. Harvey searched the monkey house. The monkey house was being cleaned by a man with a hose. The monkeys were all outside playing. Harvey went outside and saw the monkeys playing in their exhibit.

Bad Actions
Henry was planning to go on vacation with Sarah. They went to a local car rental store. Henry saw a truck he wanted to use and requested a purchase. The representative researched information about his financial history. They said that he was not eligible to rent due to a low credit score.

Cookies
Jamie loves to bake cookies. She bakes cookies every week. One day, Jamie decided to take cookies to the homeless shelter. The people at the homeless shelter gratefully accepted the cookies. Jamie brought joy to the people at the homeless shelter.

Tablet
Mary wanted to get a new tablet for reading books. She purchased one at her local electronics store. When she got home she turned on her tablet. The screen was cracked right in the middle. She took it back to the store and was able to get a new one.

Rollercoaster
Jeff was always afraid of rollercoasters. His friends finally convinced him to go on one. He was really nervous. When he got on he threw up in the middle of the ride. He promised never to ride one again.

The Ice Pond
Jerry went walking on a snowy day. He saw that a small pond was covered in ice and walked to it. He became curious about whether he could walk on it or not. Jerry began to slowly walk on the surface, but fell into the water. Jerry climbed out onto the ice for his life and then got away.

Michael plays basketball.
Michael always liked watching people play basketball. He would  go to the park every afternoon after school. He always wondered how it would feel to shoot the basketball. One afternoon, his friend asked him to play. That was the very first time Michael got to play basketball.

Arranging the place cards.
Daniel was setting up for Thanksgiving dinner. She needed to arrange place cards for everyone. At first she put her brother and uncle near each other. Then, her sister warned her that the two had been fighting. She managed to change the arrangement right before they arrived.

The morning I went to get breakfast.
This morning I noticed I was a little hungry. After thinking about what to eat, I chose to go to the store. Once there, I picked out some breakfast items and headed out. The lady that checked me out was really nice! It was a very quick trip for some food!

Tim's New Pup
Tim bought a new puppy today. Unfortunately, he has no idea how to take care of a dog. So, he went and bought a litter box and tried to make his dog use it. He was not too happy when his puppy decided to go on the floor. Hopefully somebody tells Tim that's not how it's done.

Good year for bad Wine
A wine maker was having a bad year selling his wine. He decided to put a different label on it and raise his prices. Everyone thought that the wine was much better than his last vintage. He sold all the bottles by the end of the year. Once the last bottle sold he drank a glass to celebrate.

Needles
Henry's parents took him to the doctor office. He was scared since the office needed to run a few blood tests. When a needle was inserted into one of his veins, he began to cry. Afterwards, he stopped. The doctor gave him a lollipop.

Embarrassing Hair
Leo wore a toupee and was anxious about it. He decided to go out for a short walk. It was a very windy day, but he wasn't too concerned. Suddenly, a strong wind came through and took his toupee! His dog leaped and caught it, and he quickly ran home.

Janice at the Playground
Janice decides to bring her children to the playground one day. She lets them swing on the swings while she reads a magazine. However, one of her children falls off the swing. Janice rushes to make sure he is OK. She decides never to read while her children are playing again.

Rice Trick
Frank dropped his brand new phone in a puddle. It wouldn't turn on! His friend told him to put it a bowlful of raw rice overnight. He said it would absorb the water. When Frank checked the next day it worked just fine!

The Swimming Lesson
Mary was scared of swimming. Her mother enrolled her in a swimming class. The teacher asked Mary to put her head under the water. Mary was scared but complied because she trusted the teacher. Soon, Mary was swimming like a dolphin!

Mandy's Glasses
Mandy went to the eye doctor to get her eyes tested. The eye doctor said Mandy was short-sighted. He suggested that she should get glasses. Mandy picked her favorite glasses from the frames at the eye doctor's. Mandy was pleased with her new glasses.

Indonesia
Neil flew to Indonesia. He landed and hurried to get to his hotel. Then he checked in and took a bus to the shore. He was captivated by the gorgeous beaches. Indonesia truly was a paradise!

Family Ski Trip
One morning the Smith Family decided to take a ski trip. They packed all of their gear into their car and hit the road. Once at the resort, little Suzy Smith realized she forgot her skis! The family then waited in line for an hour to rent Suzy some skis. With Suzy's skis rented, the Smiths enjoyed skiing out on the slopes.

Pet
A girl wished for a silver necklace. Everyday she passed by the jewelry store and saw what she wanted. But she was too little to go inside. She asked her father to buy her the necklace for her. The next day, her father bought a cheap necklace made of string.

Dinner
Cassie was a vegetarian and had just been invited to a cookout. She feared her friends would mock her when they found out her secret . But she decided to go anyways and try to have fun. At meal time, Cassie got a big surprise. There was chicken, ribs - and tons of veggie burgers!

Late Patrol
Two police officers were on patrol for the evening. The younger of the duo fought the urge to fall asleep. In order to help him stay awake, his partner stopped to get fast food. They got some some much needed refreshments at the the drive thru. When they were done eating, they resumed their patrol.

braces
Mandy had braces for two Year's. After her braces came off her teeth looked wonderful. She remembers when the braces were first put on. She was depressed about it then. Now she can look back and be happy she had braces.

The Peacock
Waki decided to visit a national park. He found a peacock at the national park. Waki was scared of peacocks. He decided to kick the peacock away from him. Waki was arrested by the park ranger and sued by the state.

Burrito
Sara used to go to this Mexican place by her work. Her and her coworkers used to get burritos for lunch. The restaurant shut down today due to health risks. Sara is extremely upset because she loved that place. Now her and her coworkers will have to find someplace else for lunch.

Parking Lot Baby
Ashley was past her due date. She decided to go out of town with her husband. She began having contractions. They decided to go back home. Ashley had her baby in the backseat of the car.

Super Bowl .50 Cents To My Name.
I spent my life savings to go to the Super Bowl. I know it sounds crazy but I couldn't help it. My wife is mad, but she's lucky that I bought her a ticket too. I never felt more alive cheering for my team. It's just too bad I had to be a Panthers fan.

Cheat
Ryan cheated on his school essay. He plagiarized much of it. He thought he would get away with it. But somehow, his teacher discovered his crime! She gave Ryan an F on the paper.

Hector Had A Monkey
Hector had a pet monkey named Chimples. Chimples loved to throw things. One day, Hector signed up Chimples for his little league team. Chimples threw the ball faster than any human pitcher. Chimples even won them the big game on Sunday.

Benny
Benny was a taxi driver in a big city. He knew the whole city by heart. One day a man asked him to go to the hospital. Benny got the man there safe and sound. The man tipped Benny well for his prompt service.

Masked Ball
Jim went to a masked ball. He put on an anonymous mask. He saw a girl with an exceptionally nice body. He went up to her and asked her to dance. After the dance, she removed her mask and she was hideous.

Bear Scare
Wyman and his family were tent camping. They went fishing and caught three fish. They set the fish on a picnic table while they swam. When they came back the fish were gone. They saw bear prints around the picnic table.

The Squirrel
Rose's dog was acting very hyper. She decided to take him on a walk. On the walk Rose's dog saw a squirrel. He broke away from the leash and chased the squirrel down the street. Rose was relieved when he finally returned back a few minutes later.

Brett's first time snowboarding
Brett wanted to learn to snowboard like his friends. Brett set up an appointment with an instructor. On the day of the appointment, Brett was nervous. His instructor spent extra time teaching Brett to help him. Brett picked it up quickly and became a confident snowboarder.

Ravi gets married
Ravi wanted to get married but had never had a girlfriend. His parents wanted to set him up on a date. He was reluctant but he agreed. Ravi fell in love with the first girl his parents picked for him! Ravi married her and was happy he listened to his parents.

Walking through the forest
My girlfriend and walked to the forest. It was a beautiful fall day. All of the leaves were turning orange. The sun was shining through the trees. The forest was a beautiful sight.

Daniel Moves Out on His Own
Daniel has lived in his mother's basement for too long. All of his friends have moved into their own apartments. Daniel wants to have his own place soon. He borrows some money from his mother. Daniel finally gets his own apartment with that money.

The Sandwich
Angie was at a subway shop. She wanted to get a sandwich. When asked what she wanted on it she was too shy. She answered quietly and wrong. She ate the sandwich anyway but didn't like it much.

Smart Phone
I really wanted to get a new smartphone. Every one I liked was expensive. The others needed a long plan to sign up. Eventually I found one online. I bought it and it arrives next week.

Day Bed
Gina had a cool new day bed. She loved it so much she wanted to stay in it all day. Her sisters and brothers had new bunk beds. She complimented them on their beds. But she knew her's was the best.

Casino winning
Jack went to the casino with his friends last night. Normally when they go they just play the slots. Jack had never won anything. Him and his friends tried the slots again. To his delight, jack won ten thousand dollars.

Gang no more
Tim was in a ferocious gang. He was secretly ready to get out, but didn't know how to. One day, he decided to change his identity and move. He cut his hair, colored it, donned glasses and moved to Kansas. He needed a job, so he joined the military to go unnoticed.

Turn Back
Gina was stuck on the street in traffic. The heavy snow was causing traffic to move slowly. Gina hoped it would pick up. Soon she realized there was no hope of that. She decided she needed to turn around and go a different way home.

Money
Beth's student loans just kicked in last week. She doesn't have near enough money to start those payments. She decided to get a part time job in the evenings. Even though she is always tired now she does like the extra income. She now has enough to pay off her student loans.

No Ending
Jim already rushed out of the house since he was late for school. Unfortunately, he realized that he left his report at home. As soon as he was about to go home, it started to rain heavily. He decided to be safe and wait until the rain cleared. He ended up going to his class without the report.

Carlos Gets A Job
Carlos has been unemployed for several months. He has found it difficult to get a job. Finally Carlos interviews for a job at the local movie theater. He is hired for the movie theater job! Carlos feels very happy to finally be employed.

Rocky's Snake
Rocky had a pet snake and his name was Albert. Rocky loved to play with Albert everyday and hold him. Albert loved to explore and sometimes Rocky couldn't find him. One day Albert got away and Rocky looked everywhere for him. He finally found Albert under his bed curled up in a box asleep.

Tony's Tiger Encounter
Tony had been frightened of cats as a child. Despite this, he agreed to enter a tiger enclosure at the zoo. He got within a few feet of the large tiger! His heart was racing as he stretched out his hand towards it. Tony successfully stroked the tiger before screaming and running away.

Oodles of Poodles
The family dog had puppies! There were 7 new little poodles in the house. When a family friend came to visit he coined a new phrase. He said they had oodles of poodles. The family then told everyone they had oodles of poodles at home.

Melanie
Melanie did not get along with her boss at work. She decided it was best to find another job. Before she found another job, she was promoted above her old boss. Melanie made sure her boss knew how badly she was treated. Melanie made sure never to treat others as poorly as she was treated.

Winter Is Here
Amy moved from Florida to Illinois last month. She is getting her first taste of a harsh winter. She wasn't prepared for the cold and had to go buy clothes. She spent a lot of money on warm clothes yesterday. Today she's all bundled up and managing just fine.

found
Beth found a wallet on the ground. She decided to try to return it. She looked at the name and address on the license. Then she packaged the wallet and mailed it to its owner. The next week she received a thank-you note in the mail!

Together
Amy was going to a party. She was nervous so her friend Beth offered to go with. Amy walked to Beth's house slowly. She felt like she might chicken out and run home at any time. Beth cheered her up, and they walked to the party.

Lola drinks coffee.
Lola was very tired before work. She decided to get a Starbucks coffee. She drank the coffee in the car on her drive to work. She had much more energy after her coffee. Lola did not get tired throughout her shift at work.

The Centerpiece
Joan picked big shiny acorns and put them in a bowl. She set the bowl on the table for a centerpiece. Later, Joan had a dinner party. As she conversed with guests across the table, she spied something. The bowl of acorns was teeming with maggot-like worms.

Nap
Whit decided to take a nap. She wanted to nap for about an hour. Instead her nap turned into hour house. Whit was exhausted. Because she overslept, she was late for work.

Playing Golf
Garry wanted to play a game of golf. Gary decided he would go to the local golf club and play. After gathering his things, Garry arrived at the golf club. Garry rented a golf cart, and began to play a game. Garry felt very relaxed after playing a round of golf at the club.

Early Labor
Lisa was 9 months pregnant. She couldn't wait to have her baby. A week before her due date Lisa went walking. While she was walking she went into labor. Lisa had her baby a week early and was very happy.

Dog
Peter's dog was always excited to play with his bone. He would chase it around the house and gnaw on it. Sometimes Peter would hide the bone away. Then the dog would take its time hunting it down. But it always found the bone to play with.

Cornelia Buys a Bike
Cornelia has just started a job that is close to her apartment. She decides she wants to use a bike each day to get to work. She begins looking for high quality bikes that are not too expensive. Finally she finds one that she can afford. Now Cornelia loves riding her new bike to work.

Sam Feels Lazy
Sam was feeling lazy. He didn't want to get out of bed. He had been out partying the night before. He rested in his bed all day. He felt better the very next day.

lost key
Mia and Susan were going for a walk at the park. On their way back Mia noticed she had lost her keys. Susan helped Mia to find her keys. They found the keys on the bench they were sitting earlier. Mia was relieved that they found the keys and both walked home.

Pistachio Macaroons
Kim hadn't had a pistachio since she was a kid. At the bakery they had pistachio macaroons. Kim decided she would give pistachio another shot and bought one. To her delight the cookie was delicious. She decided pistachio wasn't so bad after all.

Roller Coaster
The Smith family decided to visit an amusement park for Spring Break. The son decides he wants to ride the biggest roller coaster. The family gets in line and waits two hours to get on. While the son and daughter love the ride, the parents become sick! After the ride, the kids beg Papa Smith and Mama Smith to go again.

Teller
A bank teller told me to rob the bank where she worked. I asked her why should I do that? She said to get a lot of money. So I robbed her bank. We split the money equally.

The Wrong Part
I sent my girlfriend to get a replacement part for my car. I gave her the model number and a description. She said she would come right back. Three hours later she finally returns. Somehow she still managed to get the wrong part.

The Amusement Park
The family took a vacation. Usually they go to their mountain home. This time they decided to go to an amusement park. They rode every ride. They all had a blast.

Tongs
Lucy dropped an earring in the toilet. She didn't want to put her hand in the water to retrieve it. She grabbed tongs from a drawer in the kitchen. She retrieved the earring from the toilet. She washed the earring, and the tongs and but the tongs back.

Copper Kettles
My mom had a large set of copper kettles when I was younger. A few years ago she tried to sell them in a garage sale. I took them because I liked them. After a few years I gave them away to a consignment shop. They would be worth money today and I regret giving them away.

Getting over it
I broke up with my boyfriend because he wanted to get married. I just wasn't happy with that lifestyle. He knew I didn't want to get married, but stayed with me anyways. Eventually I broke up with him because he wouldn't do it himself. I ended up looking like the bad guy.

Tom the Drunk
Tom loved to drunk alcohol. He also loved to drink and drive. Tom decided to get more careless one day. Tom drive straight into a tree. Now, drunk Tom is no longer alive.

Nail party
Josie was having a nail party with her friends at the salon. She was excited to finally get her nails done. Josie picked a pretty teal color to get. Her friends picked the same color. Her nails came out perfectly.

Shoot
Tom's dad asked him if he wanted to play a shooting game. Tom was very nervous when his dad said there were big guns used! But he wanted to appear brave, so he agreed to go and  play. When they arrived, Tom's dad handed him a loaded paintball gun. The males shot at each other and had a great, colorful time!

Chloe's Last Drink
Chloe was never a heavy drinker. She had a few too many at the bar one night. She decided to drive home. Chloe hit a parked car a few blocks from her house. She never drank again.

The Fall
It was a beautiful November day in Minnesota. Amy was at her mothers and decided to go for a walk. Her niece and nephew asked to go with. At an intersection her nephew almost ran in front of a car. Amy taught the kids how to look both ways before crossing the street.

Tripping
John would never tie his shoes. His mom warned him and said he would get hurt one day. John said he is too fast to trip on his laces. The very next day he was playing football with friends and tripped. He came home with bloody knees and his mom wasn't mad, she helped him.

Laptop
Rachel loved her laptop. One day the laptop stopped working. Rachel went to the store to get one like hers. She was unable to find the same laptop. Rachel purchased a different model.

Hide and Seek
A group of children were playing a game of hide and seek. The smallest boy was always found first. He decided that he would win at least one round. He found a basket of toys and hid at the bottom. He ended up winning because no one ever found him.

Glasses
Tina had recently gotten her eyes inspected at school. The doctor told her she had to get glasses. She went to the optometrist with her mom. She picked out a pair of pink glasses. She wore the glasses to next day to school.

Wet Cat
Laura finally set up her new fish tank. She watched the fish inside all day before going to bed. Later that night, Laura heard a loud crash. She jumped out of bed and ran into the living room. She turned the light on and saw that her cat had fell into the tank!

Chocolate
Kate had a fierce craving for chocolate. She searched the house for sweets. Every place she had stashed candy was empty. Kate went to the store and bought more chocolate. As she ate her treat she decided to hide the rest better next time.

In the Dark
One night Rex came home and noticed his porch light was out. Rex thought hard about how to fix the bulb in the dark. He went to his garage to get a flashlight, new bulb and ladder. After Rex changed the bulbs he dropped the old one by accident. Rex was annoyed by the mess but satisfied with his job well done.

Prioritize
Emily is looking for a job. She has to take personality tests for each job. She doesn't have enough time to take all of the tests for every job. Emily decides to pick the jobs she wants the most. Emily finished the tests for the jobs she wanted the most.

New kid at school
Ally was the new kid at her school. She was very nervous. She got up very early in the morning to get ready. She made sure she had the perfect outfit and everything. Ally finally went out the door.

Somber
Amy's team lost their first game. It was quiet on the bus ride home. Amy didn't care anyway. All she could think about was the fact she didn't get to play. She closed her eyes, and fell asleep.

Mason
Mason never found a decent job and was tired of being broke. He decided to take some classes at the local college. After a couple Years, he found a job with a computer company. He got a promotion after only being there a year. Mason was happy he decided to go to college.

Clowning Around
Maria decided to go on the fair on Saturday. However, she hates clowns. To Maria's dismay, there was a clown convention that day. By 4:00 PM, she could not take it anymore. Needless to say, Maria won't be going to that fair again.

Nanny
Gretchen was a nanny for two children. She knew she needed to get a job making more money. When she left, the children were very upset. Gretchen did not anticipate this. She decided to keep in touch with the children.

The Fill
Brian took a glass to the sink. He turned the sink on and watched it flow. He put the glass right under the water. The water filled the glass to the top. Brian removed the glass and turned off the sink.

Face Burn
The mailman delivered my set of new acne products. For the past week, I used it everyday. However, my face started to dry up and it formed rashes. Today, I had to wear a hat in school to protect my face. I had to squint my eyes to relieve the pain.

Shoes
Amy worked as a cashier at Marshall's. Her boss decided she should also handle the shoe department. When there were no customers she would set up shoe displays. Amy enjoyed the variety this added to her day. She thanked her boss for the opportunity to learn more.

The Race
Alex woke up the morning he was going to run a race. He chose not to have breakfast. Soon after, the race started. Alex felt faint and could not finish the race. He decided he would never skip breakfast before a race again.

Smith Christmas Photos
The Smiths were having holidays done of the children. The youngest Smith, Ty, was a shy one year old who cried a lot. They tried everything they could to get him to sit with his sisters. Just when they were giving up, the photographer pulled out an ottoman. Ty's face lit up as he ran to the new toy, happily posing for photos.

The bee sting.
Remi was on a walk with her dog. She was passing some flowers when she felt something sharp. She realized that a bee had stung her. She tried to remember how to get the stinger out. Luckily, she got it right out and she felt okay.

Bryan Plays Hockey
Bryan went to the ice rink with his friends. Bryan got out his hockey stick and put on his skates. Bryan played hockey on the rink with his friends. Bryan's team won 2-0. Bryan took off his gear and went home.

Snowed In
Delia woke up to get ready for school. She made herself breakfast. She turned on the news. Her school was closed due to 9 inches of snow fall. Delia went back to bed.

Cassie Gets Contacts
Cassie had worn glasses practically her entire life. She finally made the decision to get some contact lenses. The first time her eye doctor put them in she hated them. She was sure she would never get used to wearing them. Now, she barely remembers that she has them in sometimes.

Vacation
The Smiths go to Florida for vacation every year. This year, they want to try something different. So they ask friends, and take there advice to go to Hawaii. The Smiths are there for two weeks and love it! They will never go to Florida for vacation again, only Hawaii.

Trotting
Annie had been taking riding lessons for a few months. She was finally confident enough to trot without a lead line. Her instructor jogged along beside her to get her started. Then she unsnapped the line. Annie was trotting a horse all by herself!

Ruth Is Gone
Gina and her friends didn't invite Ruth to functions. They didn't want her to bring Jane with. Ruth realized they were snubbing her and stopped coming around. Gina could tell Ruth was mad with them. But she didn't want Ruth forcing Jane into their group anymore.

Arson
I was feeling extremely bored. I decided to play with some matches. I accidentally set my backyard on fire. The firefighters and police came. The police arrested me and charged me with arson.

First Car Accident
I had just gotten a new job as a swim coach the day before. On the second day of practice, I decided to take a new way to work. While stopping, I noticed a man behind me who was not stopping. The man ran into the back of my car like I wasn't even there. No one was hurt but my bank account.

Mall Shopping Blues
Calvin hated shopping with his girlfriend. She asked him to take her to the mall after work. Calvin reluctantly agreed. He had to wait 3 hours for her to finish shopping. Calvin hates the mall now even more than before.

New Haircut
Jane wanted a different look. She decided to get a new haircut. The stylist convinced her to try something crazy. She agreed. Afterward she immediately regretted her decision.

Drunk Driving
One day, Erin decided to have a drink. It was very late at night. Nobody could drive her home. She decided to drive home herself. She woke up crashed in her front yard.

New hat
It was snowing and Kelly needed a new hat. She went to the store to go find one. When Kelly found one, she loved it. She immediately picked it up and purchased it. Kelly was happy about it.

The Bus
As Cady was getting on the bus one morning, suddenly she couldn't move Cady pulled and pulled, but she couldn't budge. She screamed and screamed and tried to walk, but she couldn't. She looked behind her and realized her coat was stuck on the bus. She pulled her coat off and got on the bus.

Loose Change
Johnny grandpa always took his change out of his pockets at night. When Johnny visited, he would get to keep the change! Tonight when his grandpa took the money out there wasn't just change. There was a dollar bill as well. His grandpa let him keep it!

Not Starting
The boys started a campfire outside of the house. Stanley tried to walk to his cabin. However, a small spark of fire got caught on his jacket. Eventually, the rest of the jacket started to burn. He took it off before the flames got to his skin.

Hot Sauce
One day Jim made some hot sauce. He decided to bring some to work for everyone to try. He carefully packaged it up, but the car ride was bumpy. When he got to the office he realized all the bottles broke! Now no one gets to try any of the delicious hot sauce.

Maybe Next Season
Jon made a three pointer and we were 20 points ahead of the other team. They decided to change their lineup and played harder. The lead was eventually cut to 1 point. I tried to make a shot and the opponent stole the ball. He made a layup, giving the other team the lead.

Afternoon Fishing
Asher loved to go fishing. He went to the store to buy himself and new reel and rod. Asher used his new things during his visit to the pond that afternoon. He caught five fish while at the pond! Asher was very excited about the number of fish he caught.

Other Uncle
Gina's mom was going to her younger brothers house. She offered to bring the kids with her. Gina had missed the chance to go the last time. This time she decided to go as well. If her siblings were going to have fun, so was she.

Cake
Amy's team lost the game she didn't get to play in. Her mother wanted to cheer her up. When the arrived home there was a cake on the counter. Her mother made her favorite cake to celebrate her first game. Amy felt even worse than before.

The Job Interview
Kelsey was hoping to get hired for a new job. Today was her interview. She tried to give the best impression that she could. At home, she waited for a call. Luckily, they soon called and offered her a job.

New closet.
I decided to make a new closet last week. I took an empty room and put in shelves. I needed a closet for my shoes. When it was finished it looked great. I was thrilled.

Late for school.
Annie accidentally slept in. She needed to catch her bus in just a few minutes. Usually her hair took a long time to do. This morning, she was forced to do it as quickly as possible. Since she didn't have time, her hair ended up looking too messy.

Road Trip
I started driving east from California. I wanted to get to Louisiana in four days. My car broke down in Arizona. I ate some Mexican food and went to a mechanic. When the car was fixed, I decided to stay in Arizona and eat more.

Taking the kids to the dentist.
Molly's sons needed to go the dentists office. It was down the street from their home, so they just walked over. Inside, they got checked in. Her oldest son's appointment was first, and the youngests was second. When the boys were done, they got to choose some prizes.

Karaoke
The girls went out. They decided to go to a karaoke bar. When their song came on, they burst out in their favorite tune. They began singing and dancing. The whole bar gave them a standing ovation.

New necklace
Tim bought a necklace for his mom. He hid it under his bed. When he went to go find it, it was gone. He looked everywhere but couldn't find it. It turns out his dog was sitting in the corner chewing on it.

Cherry Buys a Record
Cherry always loved music. One day, Cherry decided to get a record player to see how it sounded. Cherry bought a record player in a store. There weren't any records for sale in the store, though. Cherry went home and bought a record online instead.

Scammed
My Dad and I were ready to go to the new star wars movie We are big fans of star wars and couldn't wait. We preordered the tickets and getting ready to go. We showed up at the movie theatre and showed our tickets. The worker in the theatre told us the tickets are fake.

Dog Love
I went to a friend's house to hang out. Whenever my friend left the room, her dog humped a stuffed animal. When she would come back, he would stop. When I told her what he was doing, she didn't act surprised. She said the stuffed animal was his longtime girlfriend!

Honking
Trevor was in a hurry to get to work. He got stuck behind some guy at a red light. When it turned green the guy didn't go. Trevor wailed on the horn and shouted to no avail. The car was stalled and needed to be towed.

Sally Gets a New Computer
Sally's computer was outdated. It could not run any of the newer games she wanted to play. She bought a brand new desktop from the store. She installed all her favorite games on her desktop. She was able to play all her games perfectly on her new computer.

Melody wants to drive!
Melody just turned 16. She is eager to get her license. She has practiced driving every day. Her mom surprised her with a car for her birthday. Now, she can get her license and drive everywhere!

Massage
Ryan wanted to give Darcy a massage. Darcy decided to let him. She sat on the floor in front of his chair. Ryan rubbed her neck, shoulders, and back. Darcy was nice to Ryan after that.

New Hobby
I was having problems sleeping and I had an Idea. I was going to start a boring hobby to help me fall asleep. I decided to crochet blankets as my new hobby. I loved this hobby and it helped me sleep in a way I did not expect. The blankets were so soft that they put me right to bed.

Joe goes
Joe decided to go to Switzerland. It was incredibly cold there. He caught a nasty cold. Joe came back home. He vowed never to leave sunny California ever again.

Haters
We have a neighbor that is an extreme atheist. He put a sign in his yard that had a picture of Jesus Christ on it. He was hanging on the cross with a crown of thorns on his head. It said, GET OVER IT, IT SUPPOSEDLY HAPPENED OVER 2000 YEARS AGO! Recently, somebody ran over the sign with their car in his yard.

The Easter Parade
Last year we decided to go to the Easter Parade on Monument Avenue. We found a place to park in a neighborhood a few blocks away. We spend the afternoon enjoying all the sights and entertainers. We discovered at the end that we did not remember where our car was! It took a couple hours to find our car so we could go home.

Dad's Birthday
Beth really wanted to get her dad a wonderful birthday present. She usually got him ties, but wanted to go with something different. But no matter how she tried, she couldn't think of something else. She got him his normal tie, and was worried he'd be disappointed. He promised he would love anything she gave him, just because of her.

No Friends
Zach doesn't have any friends. He wants to go out this Saturday and meet new people. So on Saturday he went to the mall. He got scared and didn't talk to anybody! Zach still doesn't have any friends, and is very lonely.

Bank Day
Cheryl needed to go to the bank. She counted the cash that needed to be deposited. She filled out the deposit slip. She gave the slip and cash to the bank teller. Then she crossed the errand off her to-do list.

The Heavy Rain
Peter decided to go for a walk. He had walked for a while when it started to rain. He ran under a tree to get protection from the heavy downpour. When the rain stopped he was very wet. He headed home to change his clothes.

In The Mitt
Alice put out her cigarette on the oven mitt. She tossed it on the counter next to the stack of mail. Her family sat down to eat the Thanksgiving dinner. Alice suddenly smelled smoke wafting across the room. Her cigarette had started the kitchen on fire!

A Frightening Hike
One morning Samantha decided to go on a hike. She began her trek along a remote mountain trail. As she passed by a bush she heard a rustle. Thinking it was a bear, she jumped back. It was only a squirrel afterall.

The foot urchin.
Devin was swimming in the ocean. He put his foot down and felt something painful. Quickly, he swam to the shore. There, he saw that he had urchin's spines in his foot. He had his friend urinate on him to fix it.

The ledge scare
Vince and his wife went to the top of the empire state building. They walked over to the ledge and began to take pictures. Vince turned his back away from the ledge to look over the side. Just then, a man ran over to him and shoved him, almost killing him. Vince became angry and began to chase the man.

Surprise Party
Carlos wanted to throw a surprise party for Maria. Carlos planned the party for weeks and invited all of Maria's friends. On the day of the party, Carlos invited Maria over to his house. When Maria arrived, everyone jumped out to surprise her. Maria hugged Carlos because it was her best birthday ever!

Package
Mark had ordered a pair of headphones online. According to the tracking number, it was supposed to arrive today. Mark waited patiently for the delivery man. A knock on the door interrupted his thoughts. Mark's headphones had finally arrived!

Marcus Visits the Park
Marcus decides he has been sitting at home for too long. He knows he needs to be more active. Finally he decides to visit his local park. He finds the cold wind and rainy very unpleasant. When he returns home, Marcus regrets ever having visited the park.

Recruiting
James had to recruit 100 members. He did not know where to start. He signed up to visit high schools. He also went to career fairs. James ended up with 88 members.

The Church
At the church she started to get butterflies. Her dad walked her down the aisle. At the end was her soon to be husband. They held hands and exchanged vows. Now she was a married woman.

Back Alley
Griffin was trying to take a shortcut home. Therefore, he walked into a back alley. However, several adults appeared out of nowhere. They said that if he doesn't give them his money, than he would die. Griffin tricked them into looking somewhere else and he ran quickly.

Sleepy
John didn't get a lot of sleep before work. At work he fell asleep at his desk. He started snoring very loudly. His boss heard him and came over. He got written up for falling asleep at work.

One for the Books
Chris wanted to be a novelist but his parents had other plans for him. They pressured him to enter law school and become an attorney. Chris reluctantly succumbed to their influence and gave up his dream. He discovered however that law school was full of fascinating stories. He became a lawyer and a successful writer of legal-based thrillers.

Crafts
Terry wanted to give her dad a tie for Christmas. But she had very little money! Then she decided to try to make it herself. She cut up an old shirt and sewed it into a tie. Her dad said it was the best tie he had ever owned!

Noise
I went to Bombay. There was so much noise in the city. The noise began to give me a headache. I decided to buy earplugs. Thus, my headache went away.

Back From the Grave
Will wanted to go down to the nearby cemetery. He decided to wait until midnight to leave. Will briskly walked to the cemetery by the park. He poked around the tombstones and touched their inscriptions. After a lap around the cemetery he went back home to sleep.

Sad day for the dog
Last week I had to put my pet to sleep. It was an unbearably sad day. I took Lily to the vet as they did their duty. I broke down in tears. I ended up having a funeral for her.

Raisins and Cashews
I was eating rice. My Afghan friends suggested I put raisins and cashews in the rice. He said it would taste better. I decided to try it. Indeed, it was the best meal I'd ever had!

Kitty Keeper
Brenda found a kitten outside of her house. So she decided to bring it inside. She couldn't find a collar or an owner. So she decided to keep it. Brenda was happy with this unexpected gift.

Truck
We had a golf trip that we drove to. Three of us rode in my brothers truck. The one guy would put soda cans on the dashboard. That's how he would judge his driving. If the cans fell off he said he was driving too crazy.

The Cat
Joan's cat yowled all night long. Joan tried everything to get the cat to stop. Nothing worked. Joan was exhausted. Finally, she gave the cat away to a friend.

Cat
Mina wanted a cat. She asked her dad if she could get one. And he agreed! The next day they went car shopping. Mina loved her new kitty!

Karaoke Cherry
We went to a bar on karaoke night. I was singing along to every song. My group told me to give it a try. After hours of hesitation I summoned the courage to try it. Now I go every week and have my own go to songs !

Best Birthday Ever
My seventeenth birthday was the best day ever! I missed the beginning of school to go get my license. I was so nervous for the driving test, but luckily, I passed! I drove to school in my new car and I felt so cool! It was the best day of my life.

The phone fight.
Andrea was talking to her friend on the phone.q Somehow the two girls began arguing. She got so angry, she decided to hang up the phone. She spent a few minutes fuming. Finally, she decided to call her friend and apologize.

Wild Dog
My parents found a stray dog last year. They tried to feed it and take care of it. It was always wild and kept trying to bite people. They tried keeping it chained. Unfortunately they had to take it to a shelter.

Ice cream shop
Kelly had a bad day. Her parents then decided to take her for some ice cream. Kelly really wanted to go for a long time. She ordered chocolate. She loved it.

The repeat
Dan and Rob were in the back yard. Rob tried to stop the ball from going over the fence. They weren't supposed to go into the neighbor's yard. Dan made Rob go into the neighbor's yard to get it. The boys were sad when their mom threw the ball in the trash.

Too close
Jenna had a stalker. He popped up in bushes and around corners. Jenna started to get scared. So she called the police. She put out a restraining order on him.

Losing Phone
Tod, like most people these days, was entirely dependent on his phone. He could not leave home without the phone. One day, he inadvertently left his mobile phone on the bus seat. He did not notice until he was walking down the street. He went running after the bus, but never got his phone back.

Rainy day
Today, my daughter asked me to go outside to play. I told her no because it looked like it was going to rain. She begged until i took her outside. She played on the swingset happily for five minutes. It started raining and we had to go back inside, just like I said.

Abigail's Birthday
Abigail was having a birthday party. She had invited her entire class. Two girls were being mean and trying to take all of the attention. Abigail was upset and left. Luckily, her mom noticed and asked the girls to be nicer.

Puddle of Mud
Juan wakes up and goes for a walk every morning. This morning it was raining when he woke up. During his morning walk he accidentally tripped into a puddle. He was covered in mud from the fall. Juan washed his clothes as soon as he returned from his walk.

A Night Out
Jen wanted to forget losing her boyfriend. She called up her friends and made plans to go out. They met at a bar and had a great time. As the night ended, all the girls felt very inebriated. Jen called a cab, made it home, and passed out.

Chocolate Bar
I had a lot of candy leftover from Halloween. I decided to take some with me to class. Later that day, I reached into my pocket and felt something squishy. It was the chocolate bar, which had melted! I never put chocolate in my pocket again.

Moving Out
My dad says we have to move out. I'm excited to live somewhere new. But we only have a few days to pack. I'm not sure why such a small amount of time. But I'm excited to see if I can make it in time.

Johnny's Determination
1 1/2 year old Johnny loved to wear his jacket. He would try to put it on himself but usually needed a little help. He got one sleeve on easily. He spun around and around as he tried to grab the other sleeve. His mom helped him grab the jacket and he finally got his jacket on.

kids
Jess wanted to get high before class. She went outside and smoked some weed. She came inside and was immediately questioned. The security asked her why she was outside. She ended up getting detention.

Tutoring, a Life Raft for Your GPA
I was taking introductory chemistry last semester. I was not doing too well. So, I decided to go to tutoring. It really helped, and I ended up getting an A- in the class. That really ended up saving my GPA.

Earache Troubles
Paco woke up with an earache. His mother insisted that he go to school anyway. The pain in his ear got worse as the day progressed. The school nurse found that he had a bad ear infection. Paco had to miss three days of school while he recovered.

New Paint
Today I decided to paint my laundry room. It was very hard to move both appliances. I had to call my friend to help me move the washer. He helped me clear the room and helped me paint. I was glad I called my friend for help.

The Piano Teacher
Sophie took piano lessons with renowned piano teacher. However, she was starting to get sick of how harsh her teacher was. Her teacher was never happy with her performance. Sophie decided to quit taking piano lessons. Now Sophie plays piano on her own and enjoys it much more.

Meow Mix
Jerry's cat often had hairball issues. He would take the cat to the vet to get it checked out. The vet told Jerry that the food the cat was eating wasn't good. Therefore Jerry decided to switch to another food for his cat. From them on his cat never had issues with hairballs.

Aquarium Visit
Scott loved sea creatures. One weekend he paid a visit to a local aquarium. He saw bright, vibrant tropical fish that enchanted him. A marine biologist was caring for them. Scott decided to spend his life studying marine biology.

Opening an Inn
Julie wanted to run her own business. She took several classes on business and decided to open an Inn. She scouted out the perfect location and purchased it. Julie spent several months fixing up the Inn. Julie was very proud of herself on opening day.

Candy Picking
Joy's brother always took little bites off assorted chocolates. He wasn't sure what he'd like so he'd take bites until he decided. It left a box of candy no one else wanted to eat. Joy took matters into her own hands. She cut all the candies in half so he could see what was inside.

Holiday Open House
I went to my girlfriend's salon's holiday open house. I was greeted by one of her co-workers who did not know me. I waited in a long line to get a short shoulder massage. Finally when it was my turn, my girlfriend was the one open. I got a quick massage before I left.

Racism
The students got out of the school. The field trip adviser searched each student to find any weapons. He managed to take Stan's water bottle. He allowed Jin, who is white instead of black, to keep his bottle. Stan abruptly complained to the adviser.

Van goes to college
It was Van's first day of college. His parents and brother helped him move in. He brought many things with him from home. After everything was moved in, the family went to dinner together. They talked about the move over pizza.

Bob's Bees
Bob the beekeeper went out to collect honey. He gassed the bees to put them to sleep. He didn't bother to put on his beekeeping suit and went to work. Just as he was finishing the bees woke up! Bob got stung but at least he had lots of honey.

Scary Movie
Jake will be seeing a scary movie tonight. He is frightened very easily. He wouldn't have agreed to go but his crush will be at the theater. He is afraid of screaming in front of her. He hopes his crush will comfort him.

The Bike Ride
It was a beautiful day when Mike woke up. He decided to go on a bike ride. He rode for three hours but became really tired. Mike knew he couldn't ride back home. So, he found a bus stop and took the bus back to his house.

Lighthouse Rescue
A lighthouse was scanning the ocean. The watchman saw a damaged boat in the distance. He signaled the boat crew below, and they set off. They reached the damaged boat, and rescued the crew. The crew was thankful they had been rescued.

Imagine
Lucy had a big imagination. She liked to pretend about a lot of things. Sometimes she let her imagination run away with her. She started writing these things down. She wrote the best children's stories.

Army Life
Today I woke up at 0500. I put on my uniform and drove to formation. It was a quick formation and the we started to exercise. We stretched, ran four miles, and the stretched again. It was a great Army morning and the day is now off to a good start.

Caffeine Addict
Anna works two jobs, which requires lots of caffeine. On her way from job one to job two, she stops to get coffee. Today while driving to the coffee shop she almost fell asleep. After getting coffee, she noticed she'd left her keys in the ignition. Anna really needed that caffeine today.

Clothes hangers
Victoria had too many clothes. She would buy more clothes every time she got paid. She was running out of room to put all of her clothes. She bought hangers to hang them in her closet. Now she has enough room for new clothes.

Candy overload
Alice got a lot of candy for Christmas last year. She still had some even in January. So she ate all she had left to get rid of it. She didn't feel well soon after. Alice decided never to do that again.

The Gun Charge
Larry was in the Air Force and is licensed to carry a pistol. He never thought he'd go to jail for carrying his gun. But, he is also a landlord and takes a gun when he collects rent. One tenant refused to pay, started arguing, so Larry pulled his gun. The tenant called the police and they arrested Larry.

Coffee Crash
Brad was struggling to stay awake in college. He decided to drink coffee before class. And he felt more energetic. Brad felt good through his first two classes. But he was exhausted during his last three classes.

Fantasy Draft
Every year we have a fantasy football draft. We all get together to have the draft in person. People bring their laptops and food and drinks. We spend hours picking all our players and having a good time. Then it was time for the season to begin and have competition.

Cat in the Closet
The cats like to sneak into my closet. There's a nice corner with a blanket and catnip. Every night I have to go in there and clear the cats out. One of the cats always tries to hide when I go to get him. So I wake up many mornings to the sound of meowing from the closet.

Spy
Adam was working as an attendant at a department store. He helped tidy up the dressing rooms and hang clothes. One day a customer caught him spying on her as she changed! She told the manager right away. Adam was fired on the spot.

Free Rent
I used to live in an apartment. Part of the perk of resigning my lease was a drawing for free rent. I decided to go ahead and sign up. I was in class when the drawing was held. I received a call and won free rent.

Making Bubbles
Jennie was blowing bubbles outside on a summer day. She knocked over the open container of liquid on accident. Her mom didn't have time to go to the store to get more. So, she squeezed dish soap in the bottle and added water. It worked so good, they never paid for bubbles again.

Difficult Burrito
Tim put a frozen burrito in his microwave. But after a minute, the heat made beans ooze out. He tried microwaving another one for a shorter time the next day. But the inside was still cold. No matter what, Tim would not heat prepare his frozen burrito right.

Ariana Grande Concert
Marta was excited to go to her first Ariana Grande concert. Her friend Stacey got them backstage passes after the show. The girls squealed when Ariana met them after the show. The could not believe they were finally meeting her. The three posed for a beautiful picture at the end.

Travis Drops Out
Travis doubts he wants be a lawyer in his second year of law school. He talks with friends and other students to get more advice. Finally he decides to drop out of law school. He gets a job bartending at his favorite neighborhood bar. Despite the low pay, he is always happy he didn't become a lawyer.

Angela and the Spider
Angela noticed a huge spider on her bedroom wall. She hated spiders and didn't want to go near it. She called her neighbor, and he came over and killed the spider. Her neighbor laughed at her for being afraid, but Angela didn't mind. She was just glad the spider was dead!

Rocky
Fred and his friends decided to go hiking. They wanted to reach the top of a mountain. But they felt too tired to continue. Fred talked them into continuing. But later, one of his friends lost his footing over rocky terrain.

Stuck Truck
Dan bought a new truck. He decided to take it off roading. He was having fun until he hit a big mud patch. Dan got his truck stuck. He had to ask someone else to help pull him out.

New pizza place open
Kelly found out her favorite pizza place was open. She immediately ran down to see it. When she went there she loved it. She was thankful it tasted good. She wanted to go every week.

Assignment
Gina's teacher wanted them to give a speech to the whole class. Gina was usually shy. But she felt comfortable giving a speech in front of her classmates. She knew everyone would be on their best behavior. No one would laugh, because no one wanted to be laughed at.

Overtime
Ally had dinner plans with her boyfriend. But then her boss stopped her on her way out. He said there was an emergency and he needed Ally to stay late. Reluctantly, Ally called her boyfriend and cancelled the dinner date. Her boyfriend was unhappy, but he understood.

Paper plane making
One of Maya's favorite songs was Paper Planes. To get in the paper plane spirit she decided to make some. She got a bunch of paper together and started folding. When she was done, she started to fly them. The planes turned out perfect.

A Happy Surprise
Ginny dated Stan for five years. He told her he loved her and wanted to get married. One night, after a night of heavy drinking, they had unprotected sex. Two months later, Ginny found out she was pregnant. Stan was excited to be a father.

Happy Ending!
Anna bought a dress she liked online She thought she will wear it for a get together she had arranged When the dress arrived, it did not flatter her figure at all She was disappointed about the purchase Luckily Anna's sister lent her a dress which was perfect for her

Trampoline
I hardly ever get to jump on a trampoline. Yesterday, my family went to our cousin's house for a party. They had a trampoline. I jumped on the trampoline the whole time. I can't wait for the next time I can use a trampoline!

The dish over load.
Sean was a dishwasher in a bar. He was working when business started to get crazy. Suddenly, people started bringing him tons of dishes. He started to become overwhelmed and dishes built up on the counter. Luckily, Sean managed to keep it under control all night.

New Office
The boys were old enough to have separate bedrooms. The office would have to be turned into a boy's bedroom. Sylvia wondered where she would move her office. She decided her walk-in closet wasn't really necessary. Sylvia moved her office into the windowless closet.

Bone
Shirley went to get coffee at the store. She made a cup and went to pay. When she reached for her wallet she realized she forgot it. On her way out she found a dollar. She used it to pay for her cup still sitting on the counter.

walk
Anne took her dog for a walk one night. Another dog was being walked on the same street. The two dogs rushed to attack each other. But then they calmed down and played together. The two dogs acted like old friends!

No Reservations
A friend called me to tell me she was coming to visit my city. We made plans to eat at a nice restaurant. My friend and I arrived at the fancy restaurant. The staff told us there was an hour wait for a table. We went to McDonald's instead.

European transfer
Ty decided to move to Europe. He applied to transfer to his company's Paris office. Ty's request was rejected because he doesn't speak French. Undaunted, Ty applied again to transfer to London. Ty's second application was approved, and he moves next week.

Falling asleep in the arcade
I was really bored one day, so I decided to go to the arcade. I grabbed some money, put on some clothes and left my house. After walking for a while, I made it to the arcade and then entered. I went to a game I liked and played it but fell asleep after a while. Later, a manager woke me up and told me I had to leave.

Soccer Match
Edgar joined an intramural co-ed indoor soccer league. He didn't know anyone on his team at the start of the season. They all got to talk and run and get to know each other. Edgar became close with many people on the team. Edgar's team didn't win often, but was often the happiest team.

Splash mountain fun
Yesterday I decided to go on splash mountain. As we went through the drops I was scared. At the end of the ride I was soaked. It took my an hour to dry. I wanted to go on it again.

Mary's kitten
Mary saw a kitten all alone outside one day. She looked hungry so she begged her dad to take it in. She agreed and they welcomed it into the family. One day her older brother left the window open. Mary's kitten got out and was never seen again.

Murial
Muriel and her sister always took the shortcut home. One day they decided to take the long way home. A strange man followed them and they got scared. They started running and screaming until they made it home. They told their parents and now they pick them up.

The yard sale
My husband and I realized we had too much stuff. We decided to get rid of some of the things we didn't want. My husband suggested having a yard sale. I made signs and put them up around the neighborhood. People came from everywhere and we sold tons of stuff.

The Alarm
Phil needed to be at work on time. He had been late too many times before. He set three alarms but still woke up too lat. It wasn't until after he was fired that he saw what happened. He set the times for PM instead of AM.

Jim Goes on a Date
Jim really liked Sally, so one day he asked her out. Sally agreed to go out with Jim, so they went on a date. For their first date, Sally and Jim went to a movie theater. Sally and Jim both hated the movie, though. Sally and Jim laughed and agreed to go on another date later.

Winning vote
At a school election Bob was trying to be president. He stapled a $50 bill to his vote. Bill put it in the ballot box and winked at the counter. The next day the results were posted. Bill had won by 1 vote.

Boots
Tom decided to take an interest in fashion. He decided he wanted to buy boots. He researched many different boot designs. He decided to see what many celebrities were wearing. He bought a pair of boots that resembled a celebrity's shoes.

streets
Randy was homeless He needed a place to live. He started eating from the trash and sleeping on the streets. His friend randomly saw him He invited him to live with him

Rock Candy special
I went to a candy store yesterday. I was looking for the perfect ones. My eyes set upon rock candy. It was on sale. I decided to load up on them.

Easter Sunday
Every Easter Sunday Rick's family would hunt Easter Eggs. As long as he could remember he would always collect the heaviest eggs He knew he would always get the most candy like that. After years of this happening he finally found out why he got so much. Everyone else went for the light eggs because they were cash filled.

The Scapegoat
Ben's parents didn't trust his friend Russ. One day, Ben and Russ played catch in the living room. Ben accidentally broke a lamp with a bad toss. He told his parents Russ broke it. Ben felt rotten when his parents instantly believed him.

Rainstorm
I finished eating dinner at a local restaurant. I decided to go for a walk afterward. The sky was darkening, but I hoped to beat the rain. I kept walking and started to hear thunder rumbling. It started pouring and I had to run back to my car.

The Chairman
The chair salesman came to town and set up a display. He put 100 chairs in a line on Main Street. He told a man to seat in each chair to try it out. The man told him that he loved the 40th chair the best. The salesman sold him the chair for $50.

Meeting an Idol
George got tickets to Taylor Swift for his birthday. He was excited to go all week. When he finally arrived he was upgraded to front row seats. He was extremely excited. He got to touch her hand when she was on stage.

Hours Later
Evan cursed in frustration. He looked at the clock, and saw it'd been hours. He called his ISP again, but they couldn't give him an answer. Evan stewed and stewed and made a decision. He bought the ISP and fired every single employee.

Failure
I was fired from my first job. I didn't have enough money to make rent. I had to move back home. My dad called me a failure. I realized that I was a total loser and I cried.

No Power
A large thunderstorm occurred around my neighborhood. My electricity went out a few minutes later. Since I couldn't use the stove, I set up a campfire. I placed several pieces of chicken on a stick. Around nighttime, I lighted several candles.

Boot Camp
Beth was a new recruit in the Army. She arrived in North Carolina on a warm sunny day. She didn't realize they would get to work right away. She was forced to hike 10 miles in the heat with a heavy load. Beth lay in her bunk afterwards absolutely exhausted.

Imaginary friend
Kelly had an imaginary friend. They would go to the lake together and have fun. Kelly loved playing with her. However Kelly then decided to have a new friend. She forgot about the old.

Hide the Wheatgrass
Jane really wanted her family to drink wheatgrass. She decided to hide it in other foods. She made a wheat free, sugar free chocolate cake. She hoped they would be enticed to eat the cake. No one finished the cake on their plate that evening.

Music to my ears.
Don didn't know a lot about music. He decided to go to a local piano concert. The pianist was terrible. The audience booed. Don didn't know any better and left the concert satisfied.

I hate hail.
I was at school waiting for the day to be over. I had to walk home that day. As soon as I started walking home it started to hail. I ran as fast a possible because the ice pellet were giving me bruises I ended up slipping and breaking my foot.

Anxious Moment
Brian was challenging Tim to checkers. Each of them had one piece left. Brian was hesitant to move his piece anywhere. The game went on for several minutes. In the end, Tim ended up eliminating Brian's piece.

Games
Every weekend my son asks to play board games with me. We carefully pick out one of the many games that we have. We settle in and listen to music while we get the game set up. Usually we enjoy ourself so much we play multiple rounds. After we are finished, we pick up the games and have a snack.

Making the bed.
Carol needed to make the bed. She started with fresh sheets. Then, she put the duvet on. Then, she arranged all of the pillows. Finally, she laid a blanket on the bed.

Loud
My oldest child is so loud. She is so loud that it is hard to sleep when she is awake. We put the youngest down for a nap earlier. Our oldest started yelling at the top of her lungs. She woke up the baby and got sent to timeout.

Avoiding the In Laws
Ted and Mary were recently married. Mary never did get along with Ted's parents. When they attended the mandatory dinner, Mary was silent. Ted's mother was concerned and tried to talk to Mary. Mary pretended she was ill and they went home early.

Movies
I decided to watch a movie at the cinema. I went to the cinema but the movie was sold out. So, I decided to go to a cinema in a nearby city. Alas, the cinema there was also sold out. I gave up and went back home.

Stork Delivery
Rita's mom said the stork would bring her a baby sister soon. The next week, Rita's class went to the zoo. The teacher pointed out a stork in a large cage. Rita demanded that the stork be set free. She told her teacher it needed to bring her baby sister.

Early morning
My favorite time of day is early in the morning. I get up at 5 and begin the day in peace and quiet. I take care of the dogs and begin some laundry. I have almost 2 hours to myself before I begin work. This is my time to regroup and get ready for a busy day of work.

Rider
Emma loved horses but was scared to learn to ride them. She feared she would be thrown! But she decided to go ahead with her riding lesson anyways. As she rode carefully, she realized something. She was having the best time of her life!

Losing Google's Help
When Charles coded a website with AdWords, he thought he'd get rich. His classmate said he could click the ads himself and make money. Charles clicked the ads all day for a few days. He earned a few hundred dollars and wanted a lot more. Google e-mailed him saying his AdWords account was canceled forever!

Flight
A man named John once wanted to go abroad. He looked online to find some good deals. He discovered a cheap flight to Chile. He bought it and decided to go in two weeks. He flew there and liked it so much that he stayed forever.

Magic kingdom drag
Last week I went to Magic kingdom at Disney. It was fun but getting there was a drag. We had to take a bus and then rail. It took us an hour to get there from a hotel. The long wait was worth it though.

Coffee Inflation
Bette thinks the price of a cup of coffee is crazy. She used to be able to get a cup for fifty cents. Now it's upwards to two dollars. Bette bought a coffee maker for her home. Now she just mass her own cups of coffee.

Into the Night
Close to my house there is a tunnel. A highway crosses the road and forms a cavern. Local kids go there to hang out. Last night, a kid spray painted his face on accident. There should be less grafitti under the bridge.

The ruined game.
Will was playing a game with his family. During the game, Will made a move against his brother. His brother was furious about the outcome and didn't want to play. They tried to stop him but he left the room. Because of him, they all had to end the game.

Allen's Car
Allen had a car. He liked to drive it around a lot. He picked up his friends and cruised around. They listened to music with the windows down. They were all sad when they had to go home.

Larry Prepares For The Snowstorm
Larry was watching the news. He learned that there was going to be a snow storm tomorrow. Larry put salt on his driveway before he went to sleep. The snow melted on his driveway. Larry didn't have to shovel his driveway in the morning.

Laundry
The dirty laundry was in a big pile. I put it in the washing machine with some detergent. An hour later, I moved it to the drier. Another hour later, I pulled it out. Then I put away the laundry.

Gracie Draws People
Gracie liked to go to the river to draw. She drew pictures of things she observed around her. One day she saw an elderly couple sitting on a bench. She sketched a picture of them and gave it to them. The couple liked the picture and thanked her for it.

Drive-Thru
Leon decided to go to a restaurant with a drive-thru for lunch. He ordered two bacon cheeseburgers and a large shake. When he got his order, he realized he'd only gotten one burger. He had to go inside the restaurant and complain. They gave him his second burger for free.

Bones
When Mo's cat died, the family buried it in the backyard. That year, Mo learned about skeletons in biology class. Mo asked the teacher if he could bring in a specimen for the class. The next morning, Mo's mom saw muddy footprints. She traced a trail from the cat's excavated grave to Mo's bedroom.

College Woes.
It was time for my daughter to go to college in another state. She was nervous and was not very excited to go. She called home for a month asking if she could come home. She said she had no friends and no one liked her at college. By the time she graduated, she had 4 new best friends after all.

A trip to the lake.
Allen was heading out to the lake for the day. The first thing he did was set up a camp on the beach. Then, he went out for a swim. In the afternoon, he rode his boat around the lake. He finished the day with a cookout on the beach.

Water Tasting
Rudy was convinced that bottled waters all tasted the same. He went to the store and bought several popular brands. He went back home and set them all on a table. He spent several hours tasting them one by one. He came to the conclusion that they actually did taste different.

Lasagna
There was this awesome Italian joint by my house. They had the best lasagna and I would get one every other day. One day I went there and they were closed. They were put out of business for good so I had to find another place. I did but the food isn't nearly as good.

Road Trip
Jane and I decided to take a road trip last month We went to go visit relatives in Colorado. We took turns driving and had lots of fun. Her family was happy to see us and we took plenty of pics. We're planning on going back next year.

Math Class
Eric realized he needed to bring his math grades up. He decided he should get a tutor for after school. Eric's tutor helped him with his math for several weeks. He felt more confident when solving math problems. Eric improved his grade to an A!

Candy Bar
Holden was walking home from school. He looked on the ground and noticed a five dollar bill on the ground. He picked up the bill and decided to get some candy. The gas station on the way to his house had lots of candy bars. Holden got a candy bar for him and his brother.

The New Picture
I was not sure where to hang my new picture so I called for help. My friend came over to help me make the decision. We decided to put it by the fireplace. I like the location of the picture. I am glad I called my friend for help.

Bad Trade
Juan found an old guitar in his attic. He had no use for it. So he put it up for sale. A woman bought the guitar for $30. Two weeks later, Juan felt more regret than ever before.

Getting a haircut
My hair was becoming very shaggy. I decided to go and get it cut. I went to the local barbershop. I went inside and got a nice haircut. When it was over, I looked much nicer.

Catching Frogs
When I was a kid, my friends and I went to a pond. We brought a container to catch frogs. We tried to get as many frogs as we could. We looked at them for awhile then let them go. We went back home and had fun.

Shopped Because of Snow
Sally decided to get up at 6am to go shopping. She had watched the weather all week. She raced to the store, disregarding the speed limit. The forecast calling for many feet of snow was forefront in her mind. She finished her shopping, and it didn't snow at all.

Pet Snake
Teo brought home a pet snake. His mother said he couldn't keep it in the house. Teo was going to leave to return it to the pet store. Then he noticed the snake wasn't in the box. Teo saw the snake coiled around his grandmother and screamed.

Rex Eats an Apple
Rex realizes that he hasn't eaten any fruit in a month. He decides to go to his local grocery store to buy an apple. Finally he buys a delicious looking red apple. He eats the entire apple in the grocery store parking lot. Rex decides that he can go another month without fruit.

Motorcycle
Josh was excited about his new motorcycle. He went to the dealer to go pick it up. Josh drove it fast on the way home. He parked it in the garage. Josh was so happy he just sat there admiring the beauty.

Makeup and Hair Bows
Lisa's brother was a very sound sleeper. She was having a sleepover with some friends. The put makeup on her brother when he was sleeping. They even put hairbows in his hair. He was extremely angry when he looked in the mirror the next day.

Rowdy Kids
My aunt was driving her kids to the store. They were all being loud and obnoxious. She had to pull over and put a movie in the DVD player. She made everyone wear headphones. They kept quiet from there on out.

Easy Going
I woke up at noon on Saturday. I put on my favorite TV show. After a while I went and grabbed a snack and coffee. I sat in front of the TV eating and drinking all day. At around midnight I went back to bed feeling fulfilled.

Jason's camping trip
Jason went camping with his family. They set up the tent, started a fire, and cooked dinner. Jason started sneezing a lot and his face turned red. Turns out he was allergic to the type of grass they were on! Luckily Jason's dad had some medicine for him to take.

Fish Friend
Laura's class has a fish. Laura has always wanted a pet fish ever since starting school. Laura's mom took her to get her first pet fish. Laura did not take proper care of her fish, and it died. Laura felt terrible about it dying, and decided not to get another.

Show and Tell
Libby wanted to bring her new kittens to school for show and tell. Libby's mom put the kittens in a box and came to school with Libby. The school counselor knew that Libby had depression. The counselor said people with depression shouldn't have pets. Libby's mom took the kittens home but ignored the counselor's advice.

The Eye Exam
I had an eye exam last week. I thought everything would go normally. Unfortunately it seems that I need glasses now. It's not that bad but still annoying. I bought a pair on the spot but still want contacts instead.

Karma
Pablo was a generous man. He would give shelter to anyone who needed it. Pablo shared everything he owned with everyone. Pablo fell upon hard times and needed help. Many people rushed in to help Pablo with his needs.

Window Washer
A window washer came across a very dirty window. He scrubbed away at it for a long time. One spot would not get clean. He realized that the dirt was on the other side of the window. He felt annoyed that he couldn't finish the job.

Buying sandwiches.
David needed to get lunch for his family. He went to a sandwich shop. He had to wait in line. Then, he ordered some food. Soon, his food was ready and he left.

Heating up leftovers
I was very hungry at my house. I didn't have any food, but I had leftovers. I took the food out from the fridge and put it on a plate. I heat it up in the microwave for a minute. I took it out and enjoyed it a lot.

Lining up volunteers
Jen is in charge of chair backs for the local university football team. One week before each game she gets 28 volunteers to work the games. They arrive 2 1/2 hours before the game to prepare to sell them. Jen goes over the instructions and breaks them up into groups. She then give them cash in bags to use for change when they sell.

Jasper's Day Off
Jasper was the hardest worker at the mill. While other workers would take Sunday off, Jasper always worked. One Sunday, Jasper decided he needed a day off too. He had a great day fishing and eating fried cheese curds. From that day on, Jasper decided he would always take Sunday off.

Tree
Mark was a big fan of nature. He decided to bring trees to the city. He would take a truck load of trees down each week. He would then plant the trees in parks. Over time the trees grew and now Mark is happy!

All Taxed Out
Rick received a letter saying he was behind on his property taxes. The letter confused him because he was paid up. He headed to city hall to get more information. After hours in line, the found the mistake. Rick drove home relieved that he could keep his money.

New movie release
Lauren and her friends were excited to go see a new movie. They were waiting for months to go see it. Finally they got their tickets. After the movie they enjoyed it. The girls wanted to go see it again.

Baby Bird
Leslie had a gun that she loved to shoot. She would throw frisbees into the air and shoot them down. One day while target practicing, she shot a baby bird. Leslie felt heartbroken and cried all night. The next day, Leslie sold her gun and shot no more.

Sleepytime
Mia was tired of being woken up by her neighbor's loud music. She confronted him one day, but her effort was in vain. The next time, she took a new approach and called the police. The police arrived and ticketed him for causing a nuisance. Mia's tactic worked and she was never woken up by him again.

Wedding Souvenir
Suzy awoke feeling hungry on a visit to her aunt and uncle. She finally found a piece of cake in the freezer to snack on. The next day, Suzy's aunt shrieked. She held up an empty container. The container was labeled Our Wedding Cake.

Makeup Help.
Ariel loved to wear makeup. However she wasn't very good at putting it on. Her mom always had to help her put it on. She spent hours watching makeup tutorials online. She slowly learned how to put on her own makeup.

Shades
Robert walked outside. The sun was far too bright. He went back inside to get sunglasses. When he walked outside again, the sky was cloudy. He used his sunglasses anyway

Movie Troubles
My girlfriend and I wanted to go see a new movie last Friday night. We got to the movie theater at midnight. The movie theater closed at 11. My girlfriend and I went home upset. We watched TV instead.

Midwife
They could not find her husband so they called me. Unsure of what to do I put on the blue scrubs for protection. I rushed into the emergency room where she was waiting. I prayed while I held the mother to be hand. I'm now the proud Uncle of a new nephew.

21st Birthday
Meg can't wait until she turns 21 so that she can drink. She goes out with a group of friends on her 21st birthday. They drink and party all night. Meg wakes up the next morning more sick than she has ever been. She vows to never get drunk again.

Zoo
Gina's family was visiting their home town. There was a zoo at the park. The kids begged their parents to take them. But they had all been, and still were drinking. Gina realized the zoo would have to wait for another day.

Mario Kart.
I was at my friends house playing some video games. We eventually started playing Mario Kart. This was a bad idea because this game made us get mad at each other. We started cursing and pushing each other. We started hitting each other,but now we look back and laugh about it

Spending Money
Billy's parents didn't give him an allowance. Billy wished he had spending money like his friends. One day, Billy found a dollar on the sidewalk. He was surprised that his parents let him spend it. After that, Billy looked for money on the sidewalk every day.

Car dealership
My husband got a flyer, stating he could lower his car payment. The letter said he could get a new car  if he turned in his old one. We went to the dealership and wanted to know what the catch was. The car salesman said, no problem, just put $5000 down on the new one. We laughed and left, no way were were putting that much down on a car.

Some Friend You Are
Amy was at lunch with her friend Lynn. May came over to deliver the bad news. Amy's friend Kim was gossiping about Amy. Kim didn't think Ben liked Amy. And she had been telling anyone who would listen.

Questionable Restrictions
Vince hates website password restrictions. He used to use the same password for everything. But one site put a maximum character limit that was longer than that. Now he uses software to manage all of his passwords. He still hates the restrictions, though.

Wheelchair
Joy took her mother to apply for disability. There was no wheelchair ramp to the building. Joy had to leave her mom in the car. The clerk in the office insisted she see Joy's mom. Joy made the clerk go out to the car.

Quentin Moves to Brooklyn
Quentin notices that many of his friends have moved out of Manhattan. He decides that he wants to move as well. After weeks of research, Quentin finds a nice apartment in Brooklyn. He moves his stuff into his new apartment. Finally Quentin has joined his friends in leaving Manhattan.

Leg Injury
Robert was just coming off an injury to his leg. He was recovering nicely but he had a basketball game on Friday. The coach let him skip gym class to go work on his footwork. Robert got a couple extra hours of practice in and felt a lot better. Robert had one of the best games of his career on Friday.

Glasses
George got glasses today. He has to go to work in an hour and is nervous. He thinks he looks ridiculous in his new glasses. He walked into work with his head down so nobody will notice. Within an hour of work he got three compliments on his glasses!

Watch
Kris played basketball with his friends after school. Kris noticed that his watch was hindering his basketball skills. He took his watch off and set it down. When the game was over Kris went looking for his watch. Kris never found his watch and was very upset.

Allison's big day
Allison was entered to be in a competitive eating contest. On the day of the contest her mom came to visit her. She went out to breakfast with her mom and ate a lot of food. She got too full and it was going to affect her later. Allison did not do well in the contest and didn't win.

Pizza
Brooke was nervous as she turned in her medical school applications. Harvard, her top choice, had an admissions rate of eight-percent. She was worried that she wouldn't get in. One afternoon, she received a letter from Harvard. She fainted shortly after realizing that she was accepted.

Easter Bonnet
Nancy and her friend were making their own Easter bonnets. They were going to wear them to the big parade. The put all kinds of colorful decorations on them. They even added some candy. Everyone commented on their Easter bonnets at the parade.

Bagged Lunch
Jeff used to go to this amazing Mexican place near his school. He always had some spare time between classes so he would get lunch. About halfway through his junior year the place went out of business. Now Jeff is forced to bring his lunch and eat at school. He hopes that there will be a new place opening up soon.

Eye Doctor
Beth needed new contacts. She needed to see the doctor before she could get new ones. She wasn't looking forward to it. She went even though she dreaded going to doctors. As she left she was relieved it was over.

Burnt cookies
Kelly baked some cookies in the oven. She put the cookies and and walked away. When she walked away after awhile she smelled something bad. She went to check on what it was, As it turned out, she burned the cookies.

Fired up Conversation
Nancy was talking to Stacy about their science class. Nancy was trying to offer help on a question. However, Stacy started to get mad at her. She addressed the idea that she developed an alkene. Stacy was stubborn and continued to argue.

Road Rage
Randy hated being late. He would get really angry at slow drivers. Last week he snapped at a big guy in a truck. The guy got out with a baseball bat and smashed Randy's car. Now Randy has to take anger management classes.

Going blonde
Kelly wanted to go blonde. She tired before but failed. She went to the salon to get it done. When she got it done, it looked great. Kelly was very impressed.

Dog Park
Jeff wanted to play with his dog all day long. He started off by taking it for a walk around the neighborhood. Jeff and his dog then stopped for an ice cream cone. Then they walked over to the dog park. Jeff and his dog spent the rest of the day playing fetch!

Assembly
Kim purchased a living room set from Ikea. She was excited about getting her new furniture. When the truck pulled up she was surprised the boxes were so small. Kim didn't realize the amount of assembly required. Kim's mood dropped when he realized she would be assembling all day.

Don't fill a kerosene heater with gasoline
It was cold out that night so Marty turned on his kerosene heater. Eventually it ran out of fuel and he refilled it. He accidentally put gasoline in it instead of kerosene. The heater caught fire and set the whole house ablaze. Marty's house was a total loss because of his mistake.

Trick or treat
Kelly loved Halloween. But she was finally too old to go trick or treating. So she thought of a better way to celebrate the holiday. She dressed up in her usual flamboyant costume. Then she passed out candy to trick-or-treaters!

Headache
I had a massive headache. I decided to take some pain pills. I took three pills. Afterwards, I realized I overdosed! I learned to be more careful about reading medicinal directions.

Library times
I wanted to get some good reads. So, I went to the library to check out some books. I met a really nice girl whom I sat next to. We connected and talked for hours. We ended up becoming best friends.

Ready Supper
Jim was ready to start working on his favorite HIT. He'd just put some food in the toaster oven though. Jim heard the toaster oven ding. He was disappointed he was going to procrastinate more. Jim was happy he wasn't going to be hungry much longer though.

Surprising christmas present.
It was Christmas and I didn't expect much. I was poor when I was little so I was just happy to get what I could. Finally, it was my turn to get a present. I unwrapped the present and I was excited to see what I got. It was a new video game console.

Drinking and Driving
Erin decided to go to the bar. There she drank way more than expected. She drove herself but was too drunk to drive. So instead she ordered a taxi. Luckily she made it home alright but it was a close call.

First Job
Zach was told by his parents to go out and find a job. He didn't want to, but started his search in the city. After filling out 3 job applications, one called back. They asked him to come in for an interview, he did. After an hour, they wanted to hire him, Zach just got his first job.

Fixing the Bike
I went for a bike ride. The chain slipped and wouldn't go easily back into place. I walked the bike home. I fixed the chain using simple tools in the garage. When I went for my next ride, I attached a pouch of tools to the seat.

Hot Dog Stand
When I lived in the city there was this amazing hot dog stand. It was near my school and I used to go after class. It was good food and it was cheap. I went back there to visit the areas last week and it was gone. I guess the hot dog guy moved locations.

The Hike
Josh and Kim were hikers. They loved to take long walks and explore. Once they found a small puppy who had become lost. Kim picked up the puppy and carried it with her down the trail. Josh found the puppy's owner who became very happy.

loss
Ivan put five hundred dollars into the stock market. His shares rose in value. Ivan decided not to sell yet. Then the shares declined steeply! Ivan lost all of his money.

Cameras
Susan loves to take photographs of her family. She takes so many photos that she wears out the camera. In a span of seven years she has gone through 12 cameras. With her new camera that makes 13 and over 20,000 photographs. Susan loves her cameras.

Dialysis
Drew started dialysis yesterday. He was very nervous about the needles the nurses would put in him. Arriving to dialysis he waited, growing more anxious. The nurse in a calloused voice called him back to start his treatment. The nurses weren't trained, missing his vein Drew called out in pain.

Chicken Nuggets
Sam was craving some chicken nuggets. He begged his mom to take him to mcdonald's. His mom drove through the drive thru. She ordered him 20 piece chicken nuggets. Sam was really hungry and ate the entire meal.

Minivan
Mike had two kids of own. His brother had two kids as well and needed help with his life. Mike agreed to take his nieces in for a month. With four kids to take care of Mike needed a bigger car. He went and purchased a minivan.

Driving Lessons
Learning to drive was difficult for Jane. She always had trouble telling left from right. At driving school, she needed special assistance often. She did eventually pass the class as well the test. She ended up getting her license and is a careful driver.

A Trip to the Gym
John was tired after work, but he decided to go to the gym anyway. While he was there, he saw a beautiful woman. He talked to the woman, and they ended up really liking each other. He asked the woman out on a date, to which she said yes. John and the woman from the gym are now happily married.

Sea Shells
Vince and Tammy walked along the shore collecting shells. Vince found one that was unbroken and perfect. He put it on Tammy's palm. It started to move! There was a crab in the shell.

A Trip to the Vet
Ian was petting his cat when he noticed something. There was a lump on his cat's toe. He had to take his cat to the vet. The vet said that his cat had a tumor. It had to be removed, but now his cat is fine.

Olaf
Olaf wanted vengeance on the clan who killed his family. Olaf wasn't strong enough and needed to train more. Olaf put himself through a heavy training regime. He goes to the clan and starts a battle to get his revenge. Sadly, Olaf did not succeed and joins his family in the afterlife.

Being Accepted
Larson was excited. He had just graduated high school and was looking at colleges. He sent off a lot of letters and was hoping to get responses back. He opened the mailbox one day and found a few letters. He had been accepted to his favorite school.

Grandma's House
Nate decided to go to his grandmother's house. She told him to get something to eat since she prepared dinner. He ate and then relaxed for a few minutes to talk to his grandmother. Afterwards, he left to go to work. His grandmother gave him $20 to use for anything he wants.

Vision Problems
Jenna cannot see. Her contact has the wrong prescription. Her husband recommended they get it fixed. She agreed to get it corrected. Now Jenna can see properly again.

Which Witch Is Sandwich?
Adam loves to eat sandwiches when he drinks. Last night he got too drunk while making a sandwich. He could not wait to eat this sandwich. After about three bites he started choking. Adam choked to death because he forgot to take off the cheese wrapper.

Gang
Freddy wanted to join the crips He knew people in it. They said he had to take a beating for 10 minutes to be initiated. Freddy went through it. He suffered severe injuries and had to go to the hospital.

Theater Performance
Allen had never seen a play performed live before. He was reluctant to go when his girlfriend asked him to a performance. He thought the tickets were too expensive and it would be boring. But when they saw the play, Allen was surprised how much he liked it. It was too expensive to do often, but he planned to go sometimes.

The Big Easy
Chase went on a solo trip to New Orleans for his birthday. He had never been, and chose to stay in the famous French Quarter. His first day there, he walked around town until late into the night. He soon was lost, and he became scared of the people around him. A stranger told him how to get home, and Chase felt bad for judging.

Truck
Dylan was a farmer. He needed to get his hay to market. Dylan decided he would buy a truck. After Dylan bought the truck, he was able to sell the hay. Now Dylan uses the truck every day!

Oat fire
Kelly decided to make some granola homemade. She got the ingredients together and put the oats in the oven. After awhile she smelled smoke. Frantic, she ran over to the oven. She saw the oats burned and she immediately shut the oven off.

Life Choices
Allison is an eighteen year old high school student. This month she must decide where she wants to go to college. She told her friend that she is scared she will make the wrong choice. She must decided rather college or a work program is right for her. In the end she thinks she will choose to go into a work program.

Wedding
Today was quite a good day. I found out that my boyfriend had picked a wedding day. I could finally get on with all the plans that I had. Of course, my boyfriend was overwhelmed at all the ideas I had. I made sure that he had some input on them.

The Playwright
Megan wrote plays for a living, it was how she paid her rent. After years of writing, she felt she had run out of ideas. Megan felt stuck, she needed to make money but had nothing to write. She spent a whole day worrying about what she was going to do. Eventually she found the easy way, she wrote about writing a play!

Listening to Music
I felt bored while walking. I found my iPod in my wallet. I put my earphones into my ears. I found a song on my menu screen. I began to listen to music while I walked.

Picking a Watermelon
Fred's one job for the summer picnic was to bring a watermelon. He had never bought one before so he wasn't sure what to look for. Fortunately there was someone at the store working in produce. He explained to Fred how to thump melons to tell if they were good. Fred was delighted when the melon proved to be sweet and juicy.

Driver
Emma couldn't wait to learn to drive! She started taking classes the day she turned sixteen. She paid close attention and practiced often. In six months she had earned her license. Then she began saving for her very own car!

Abigail Goes to the Dance
Abigail wanted to go to the school dance. She had already bought a dress and shoes for the dance. However, no boy had asked Abigail to the dance yet. Abigail did not want to ask a boy herself. Abigail decided to go to the dance with friends instead.

The old dog.
Max was about to get a new puppy. He was at the pound checking out all of the choices. Then, he saw a sad looking old dog. He decided to take that dog instead. The pound was glad because the poor old dog needed a good home.

Crunch Time
Don works as a game developer, full time. The release of his company's game is coming up soon. As such, he hasn't been seen in days. Last night, he didn't come home at all. He's not the only one that can't wait until release.

The color test.
Dana was home-schooled. One morning, her mom asked her to guess something. She wanted to know whether a black or white paper would get hotter. Dana guessed that the white paper would be hotter. They went outside to test it and learned that it was the black paper.

Computers
I work with a little girl who has some problems. Her parents want her to go to college. They want her to prepare by becoming proficient in computers. She is not able to log in or type. She does, however, love playing games on the computer.

The first time seeing.
Shana had just learned that she needed glasses. She always thought that her vision was fine. She got a pair of glasses and put them on. Suddenly, she saw everything so perfectly clearly. She was amazed as she had never seen that well before.

Oranges
I was hungry for fruit. I decided to go shopping. I bought some oranges. When I got home I realized they were moldy. I cried in frustration.

Beach Day
The sun was out and it was finally a warm day to go to the beach. Sandy and her friends packed up their car to go play at the beach. They drove to the beach and sang in the car the whole way. They laid out in the sun on their towels and played in the ocean. The all had the best day at the beach and will plan to go again.

Sports
Roger loved sports. He decided to go to a live event. There was a basketball game and a hockey game tonight. Roger like basketball but he loved hockey. He went to the hockey game only to find out the tickets were sold out.

Making an easter basket.
It was Easter. Ruby was putting a basket together for her son. She put some grass in it. Then, she put toys and candy inside. Finally, she wrapped it in plastic.

The QR code contest.
Zach was volunteering at a festival. He was given a QR code and asked to hand it out to the crowd. Whoever could get the most scans would win prize money. Zach worked hard all day to get as many scans as possible. He ended up winning and the money was his.

Lost on a walk.
Ben and Allie had just moved to a new city. They decided to go for a walk through the neighborhood. When they tried to get home, they realized they were lost. They spent two hours wandering through the city. Finally, they managed to find their way home.

Contacts
White wears contacts. As she was taking them out, she tore one. She had to throw it away. She called her doctor's office. They gave her a new pair.

Last Minute Christmas
Finley realized it was almost Christmas. He hadn't done any shopping at all. He made up a list of everyone he needed to get gifts for. Finley went to the very crowded mall. It took eight hours but he got everything he needed.

Getting my Car Stolen
I went inside to get some coffee at a gas station. I left my keys in the ignition. After I paid for my coffee, I watched somebody drive off in my car! The police found it only a few blocks away. The thief completely totaled it!

night terror
Ben had horrible vivid nightmares. His doctor called them night terrors. She put Ben on medication to try to help him. Slowly it began working. Soon, Ben's night terrors were all but gone.

Linda and the Rockers
Linda was the lead singer in a band. She was extremely popular with the crowds. But her band-mates were jealous that she hogged the spotlight. They demanded a larger cut of the revenues. When she refused, they all walked out.

The first concert.
Cheyenne had never been to a concert before. One night, the opportunity arose to see her favorite band. She decided to go despite being all alone. She sat in the front to enjoy the show. It was so amazing, she wanted to see more concerts soon.

Maxine Tries Coffee
Maxine had always worried that caffeine would give her jitters. One day a coworker convinced her to try coffee. Maxine took one sip and found it delicious. From that day on Maxine drank coffee every day. She was happy that it did not give her jitters.

Bill's Stocks.
Bill put money into the stock market. He invested all of his money in Apple. Apple's stocks went up $300 in one day! Bill sold his stocks and made millions! Bill lived a life of luxury after that day.

Good Eye
A man was reluctant to go see the eye doctor for his bad eyes. His wife made him go when his driving almost caused an accident. The doctor told him he should have came a long time ago. The man hated his glasses until he found a frame he liked. Now he is an advocate for all his friends to get their eyes checked.

The Good Note
One Day Laurie decided to go to the library. She drove downtown in her new car. Laurie checked out some books. When she left she saw a big dent in her car door. Thank goodness there was a note from the person who hit her car.

A Coin Helping the Breakup
Tom and Mary ended their relationship after several Year's. They were dividing the things they bought together. They both wanted the bed they bought and couldn't who should get it. They flipped a coin where heads would give it to Tom. It landed on tails so Mary got to keep it.

The College Degree
Jason regrets not earning a college degree. He decides to go back to school. Jason choses to go to a local community college. On the first day of class he is the oldest one there. Jason feels uncomfortable, but he will stay and do his best job.

Store Run
Ari was out of coffee. She had to decide between going to get more now or later. Later meant tomorrow morning. She got to the store right before it was closing. The cashier made a joke about having coffee that late at night.

Making Gravy
The other night I made gravy to go with our meal. I kept adding flour to the mix, but it just wouldn't thicken. I added more butter, more milk, more drippings. I finally decided to taste it. I discovered that I had been using powdered sugar and not flour!

Fix it up
A mechanic was busy taking apart an engine in his shop. There was a nut on a bracket that he couldn't get off. All of his wrenches were too small. The mechanic used his plies and tried very hard. The nut slowly came undone as he turned it.

Milestone
When my friend asked me to hang out, I became furious. She puts my work at an inconvenience just to see her. I didn't hesitate to say no since I've only said yes in the past. She completely understood and left. In the end, we still remained friends.

Taking the taxi
I needed to get to a job interview. My car broke down last minute. I looked online for a taxi service. I called the number and cab came to my house. I made it to the interview in time.

Amber hung out with her friend
Amber worked a lot, she did not get to see her pals much She invited over her friend Jaclyn She cleaned up her whole house in preparation for Jaclyn JAclyn came over, and they ate, and chatted They had a lot of fun, and JAclyn went home

Calculus Exam
Bob had a calculus exam and he was well prepared to take it. He walked into class feeling confident. When he sat down at his desk, he realized he forgot his calculator. He panicked and told his teacher. His teacher let him borrow her calculator for the test.

The Bribe
Justin was caught speeding on Saturday. The cop was going to write him up a ticket. Justin asked the cop if he could let him go if he gave him money. The cop said he didn't take bribes. He gave Justin an extra ticket for the offense.

Peaked Early
Tim used to collect geodes. One time he came upon a huge amethyst rock. It was so exciting for him. It was so exciting, in fact, that he stopped after that. He figured he could never have a better find.

Starting a Fire the Easy Way
Jenny went camping with some friends for the weekend. They were really struggling to get a fire going. It was getting dark and they were growing increasingly hungry. Jenny remembered she had hand sanitizer in her backpack. The alcohol in the sanitizer made it easy to start the fire.

Relaxing From Work
Martha was stressed from work. She wanted to find a way to relax. She went to get a massage. She got a massage for 2 hours. She left the massage parlor feeling way more relaxed.

Stephanie Gets Married
Stephanie felt heartbroken when her boyfriend left her. She was glad to get away to London for a semester abroad. In London, she met a friendly guy named Clive. Clive proposed marriage to Stephanie after they started dating. Now Stephanie felt happy that her old boyfriend left her.

Toning
A few months ago I had to go to a wedding. I wanted to look good in the dress I was going to wear. So I set aside an hour a day to do some toning exercises. It was hard to be consistent but I stuck with it. It paid off because I loved how I looked in the dress.

Cleaning Lady
Sandy recently had to make a change with her cleaning company. The change would cause her to get a new cleaning lady. Sandy was not happy to have to trust a new cleaning lady. Sandy called the company and asked if she could have the regular lady. Sandy was pleased when they obliged her request.

Too Much of a Good Thing
Jasmine was excited about Halloween this year. She told everyone that she was going to get the most candy. Jasmine went all over the neighborhood. After 2 hours of trick or treating, she went home. Jasmine ate over 30 pieces of candy and got the worst tummy ache.

Stinky Shoes
Liv walked into her son's room to get his laundry. There was a horrible smell! She sniffed around until she found the source. It was his gym shoes. She took them outside so they could air out.

The Monkey
Tim wanted a monkey for Christmas. He couldn't have a monkey but he could go to the zoo. Tim saw many monkeys at the zoo. For Christmas Tim got a puppy instead of a monkey. Tim loves his puppy more than any monkey!

Mary's Move
Mary was eleven years old when her parents told her they were moving. Mary had never moved before and was very sad to leave her friends. She cried the entire car ride to their new home. When they arrived, a friendly girl ran up and introduced herself. Mary still missed her old friends, but was happy to meet a new one.

Fiorella's
We went to Fiorella's in Newton for dinner last night. We had only gone to their take out restaurants before. We ordered drinks, dinner, and desserts. We loved the arancini appetizers. We were stuffed after the dinner.

Happy Graduate
Randy was looking for a college that would give merit scholarships. He had worked hard through school but was not great at sports. He did not qualify for a need scholarship but couldn't afford college. He searched for school that would value his academic merit. He found one that used its football income to fund merit scholarships.

Taking in my Hard Drive
My desktop computer stopped working the other day. I was able to figure out that my hard drive was screwed up somehow. I took it into Best Buy. They weren't able to help me at all. I'm glad I didn't have to pay anything.

Brandon
Brandon tried everything but he couldn't solve the math problem. He had asked everyone and nobody could give him any direction. His father noticed he was struggling with the problem. Ryan wasn't sure his father would be able to help him but he was able. Ryan learned a couple lessons that day.

Smoothee
Dan made himself his first smoothie. He put in all the fruits he had lying about. The resulting mixture was an ugly green brown looking thing. Dan pinched his nose and sipped it anyway. Despite how it looked he found it tasted absolutely delicious!

Ocean Spray
I remember being young and going to New England. We would go to Boston for a day or two. Another day or two we may head up to Cape Cod. But we would typically go to the Ocean Spray factory. I always loved tasting and sampling all their drinks.

Bob Sneaks Out
Bob had been grounded for receiving bad grades at school. He was not allowed to leave his room. Bob decided to sneak out of his room at night. He went out to play video games with his friends. Bob was able to return back to his room without his parents noticing.

The Painter
It was a gorgeous fall day. Sara decided to enjoy it by going to the park and painting the foliage A few hours into her painting, a man walked by. He told her he loved her painting and wanted to buy it off of her. Sara was flattered that someone would pay for her art.

Panther Nation
Jimmy was a big Carolina Panthers fan. He wanted to go to a Panthers game. Jimmy's parents told him that he needed to buy his own ticket. Jimmy mowed lawns and helped his neighbors to raise money. Jimmy was able to buy a ticket to go to a game.

Coming Up Stairs
Gina's teen brother Jay was trying to go upstairs. He had been fighting with his dad in the basement. Their dad was angry, and wouldn't let the boy leave. Jay pushed his father partly down the stairs. The older man erupted and began to hit Jay.

Sign Stealing
My college roommate, Bill, and I were eating in the cafeteria. Bill suggested we steal the cafeteria sign and hang it in our room. I agreed, saying we should come back around closing time. We slunk in later that night, absconding with the sign. The following day our dorm manager saw our new sign and reported us!

I was hungry
Yesterday I didn't feel like cooking. But I was starving. So I decided to go get Chinese food. I walked to the restaurant and asked for some. I ate my food and then I was full.

The new kid.
Jake came into class one morning and saw a new kid. He decided to approach him and say hi. The kid seemed welcoming so Jake asked more about him. The kid said that his name was Tim and talked about his old home. Jake liked him and the two became close friends.

Car accident
Steven was driving on the road one afternoon. He saw a car swerving towards him and tried to escape it. The car slammed into Steven and his car. Steven got out and was not hurt, same with the other driver. The ambulance and tow truck arrived shortly after.

Ice Cream Party
Johnny played baseball for the local little league team. They played in a big game yesterday and won. Johnny's coach wanted to take the team out for ice cream. Each player asked their parents if they could go. The entire team got to go and enjoyed their ice cream.

Strawberry Preserves
I work hard in the summer. I grow many kinds of berries. In the fall, I get a canning operation going. Today, I will dig out my preserves. That strawberry jam will be delicious!

Running errands
I woke up one busy morning. I put my clothing on. I went outside and got into my car. I picked up groceries and bought a dirt bike. I went back home and cooked hamburgers,

New Pet
Grayson turned 5 yesterday. His birthday wish was to get a pet hamster. Instead, his parents got him a dog. Grayson didn't know he would like dogs so much. They are now best friends.

Christmas Lights
Samantha set up her Christmas tree. She put lights on it. Some of them didn't light up. So she bought new ones. Finally she was able to enjoy a beautiful well-lit Christmas tree.

Duck in Road
Christine was driving to work. She saw a duckling in the middle of the road. Christine picked up the duckling and set it on the ground. Christine got back into her car and took a picture. She told her coworkers what she had seen this morning.

Cake
Ryan loved eating cake. He gained a lot of weight. Ryan decided to go on a diet. Ryan lost a lot of weight. Now Ryan never eats cake because he doesn't want to get fat!

The Camp
Trevor tried to escape the internment camp. He ducked underneath the fence. He crouched slowly toward the tall reeds. The guard looked around and noticed footprints in the mud. Trevor took off running and was free.

Lost Key
Kay was shopping for shoes at Macy's. She put her purse and her keys down on the shoe display. When she finished trying on shoes she checked out and left the store. At her car she couldn't find her keys. She went back to find she left her keys on the shoe display.

Baseball Throw
Becky tried out for the softball team. She did not make the team though. The cache told her she needed to throw the ball harder. Becky spent the next year working on her throwing every day. The following year Becky tried out again and made the team!

Paul's New Car
Paul couldn't wait to pick up his new car. He went to the dealership and signed all the final papers. Driving home, he realized he was going too fast. He slowed down just as a cop drove by. He told himself to be careful until he got used to his new car.

Toy eviction
Laura loved to collect rare toys. She would go to big toy shows to find them. She spent all of her money on a rare find. She couldn't afford to pay her rent. She got evicted from her home.

Working Hard
Being a stay at home dad is fun I get to take care of my kids. I get to see them grow up first-hand. I even get to make my wife happy when she gets home. I can't wait for her to see what I cooked tonight.

Height
Jane's son was growing quickly. She was checking his height monthly to track his progress. Her son went out of town to visit his grandparents for the summer. When he returned Amy checked his height again. She was surprised to see he grew 6 inches in 2 months.

Party
A famous rocker went to a party hosted by him. This was a party where he just wanted to hang out with the fans. Instead, everyone shone their cameras at him. He was very unhappy about it. He had to deal with it for 4 hours.

Clock
I sat in class watching the clock tick by. I wanted to get out to go fishing. The clock seemed to tick slower. Finally the bell rang. I ran out the door for summer fishing.

Shopping for Christmas
I needed to get a Christmas present for my father. He normally hates most gifts, so I didn't know what to do. I went to Brandsmart and everything looked too expensive. I found a shaving kit for ten dollars. When he opened his present, he said it was his best gift this year.

The Job
Charles has the worst luck finding a job. He went to Craig's List and looked over the job listings. He came across a job lead managing the social media for a company. He used a Facebook fan page he made as an example of his work. Charles landed the position and makes sixteen dollars per hour.

Clothes shopping
It was Kelly's first day of school tomorrow and she needed clothes. She decided to take a trip to the local mall to pick up some things. As she strolled through the mall she picked up many outfits. She was thrilled to have new clothes to be seen in. She was sure no one would have what she had.

Orange Paint
Kay was inspired by HGTV to paint her bedroom. She decided on orange and red boxes. She put up blue painters tape to block off the design. She painted the wall red and orange and removed the tape. The wall was a mess, and the project was a major fail.

Return Flight
My husband flew to Texas with the army. While there, he jumped into Texas. The new pilot dropped the soldiers away from the drop zone. When my husband landed, he broke his foot in 3 places on hard ground. My husband was sent back a week later with no cast.

Ladybug
Baylee was a very curious little girl. One day her mom found a ladybug and showed it to Baylee. Baylee looked at the bug for a while, watching it walk around. Baylee then reached over and picked the ladybug up. She held it for a moment, then put the ladybug in her mouth.

A dangerous game
Sue was playing hide and seek with her brothers. Her brothers were much older and thought it was funny to not find her. When she had been hiding for an hour, she grew scared. It got dark and she  suddenly realized she was lost in the woods. When she saw a light she realized her father had come to save her!

Model Dreams
Kendall wanted to be a model. She was always practicing in the mirror. When she turned 18 she decided to move to New York. She went to many modeling jobs but didn't get any of them. She felt like a failure.

Fred's Gray Hair
Fred notices that his hair has begun to go gray. He feels deeply embarrassed about his graying hair. Finally he decides to cut his hair very short so people cannot tell. Fred loves how his shorter hair looks. Eventually even Fred forgets that his hair is gray.

Broken Eggs
Martha bought groceries and proceeded to go home. When she carried in her groceries she saw the bag leaking. The carton of eggs were squished. Martha went back to the grocery store. She was able to get another carton of eggs for free.

No Yeast
I was hungry. I decided to make some bread. Alas, I had run out of yeast. The grocery store was closed! I decided to make bread without yeast and it was tasty!

Recess Anyway
Gina didn't want to go to recess. But there was no place else to go. She sat on a bench and waited until the doors were open again. When they were unlocked she went inside alone. Gina was determined to go back to her classroom.

Scared of a shot.
Miranda was pregnant and at a check-up. Her doctor asked her to get a flu shot. Miranda said she would, but she didn't intend to. She was too afraid of the needle. Instead, she just stayed at home and tried to avoid germs.

Cookbook
My mom's birthday was coming up. I needed to get her a present. I recalled that she liked to cook. i bought her a cookbook. She loved the cookbook!

Jude's house
Jude got a new job in a different state. He had to sell his house in order to move to the new state. He had it on the market for months but it did not sell. His aunt suggested that he rent it instead. That was a good idea, as he was able to rent it out in a month's time.

Lousy Day
Sarah was not excited to go to school. She missed school due to having the flu last week. She had a week's worth of homework to make up. Sarah had to make-up 3 tests that day. She was so exhausted that she fell asleep on the bus back home.

Karate
Ryan wanted to make sure he could defend himself. He decided to take a martial arts class. He signed up for karate lessons. Every week he learned new maneuvers and defense techniques. Soon Ryan felt very capable of looking after himself!

Ballet lessons
Janet wanted to take dance lessons. She signed up for dance lessons from a flyer. She went to the building where the dance lessons are. Unfortunately for her they were ballet lessons. She stuck around for 1 lesson and went home.

Cloned Meat
I got a job at a meatpacking place that paid me twice my old salary. The meat tasted twice as good as other meats. I learned the meat came from cloned animals. I reported my discovery to the top two news channels. I became a vegetarian after the meat packing place fired me.

Broken PA system
Ben and his band practiced hard for a show. They drove to the venue and set up their equipment. When the show began, they began to play some songs. After playing for a minute, their PA system stopped working. The band had to quit playing and go back home.

Out of Gas
Jim is driving home when he runs out of gas. Luckily Jim has a gas can in his car. He has to walk two miles to the gas station and back. He puts the gas into his car. Jim drives to the gas station and fills up.

Suzie Bakes A Cake
Every year Suzie bakes her husband a cake for his birthday. His favorite is chocolate cake. Suzie went to the grocery store to get the ingredients. She followed the recipe to make the cake. Suzie and her husband ate the cake after it was done baking.

Chair
Don't need a new chair. His cat had scratched his up. He decided to go shopping for one. However, he could not find anything he liked. Don decided to order something custom.

Walking
Gina was walking to CVS near her home. She headed north towards the closed street. She couldn't drive across the street. But on feet she could walk across it. Gina stepped carefully, and continued toward CVS.

Clay Gets Hurt
Clay plays baseball for a living. Clay cannot stay healthy for a season. Clay throws a pitch and strains his oblique. Clay is taken out of the game. Clay cannot pitch the rest of the season due to his injury.

Space Mountain
Max was at Disneyland. After a three hour wait he was finally going to ride space mountain. He put on his lap belt and threw his hands in the air. Within seconds of starting, all lights came on and it stopped. They were forced to evacuate and the ride shut down for the day.

Hillary beats the odds.
Hillary was a very popular lady who always got most things in life. One morning during a routine visit the doctor gives her bad news. She is told she has Cancer. Hillary doesn't get discouraged and starts therapy. 6 months after therapy the cancer is gone and Hillary beat the odds.

Not enough Nurturing
Ben was resting in his dog cage all day. Although I offered him food and water, he didn't bother to move. I tried to stay with him for the whole day. However, he eventually started to roam around freely. I decided to spend the rest of the day with him.

Conversation
Sam was sad that he never had interesting conversations. He never got to be around anyone interesting. He decided to go to college. He was shocked. He found so many interesting people to talk to.

Animal Adoption Fair
Abby was excited about going to the animal adoption fair. Her father had promised her that she could get a pet! Abby had her heart set on getting a kitten. At the fair, Abby found a precious fluffy white kitten. Her dad let her adopt the kitten and give him a forever home.

The Time I Went to Georgia
Last year I decided to take a trip to Georgia for a weekend. When I got there I wanted to see Atlanta. I took a tour of the city my first day there. My last day there I went to see an Atlanta Brave's baseball game. I had a great time on my weekend trip.

Fred Dances
Fred had always wanted to learn to tap dance. His friends encouraged him to take a dancing class. Fred practiced diligently every day. Finally he was an expert tap dancer. Fred is very happy he learned to dance.

A rainy day
Josh was bored. It had been raining for almost two days straight. He really wanted to go outside. So, he put on his rainy boots and rainy coat and went outside. Josh decided to jump in the puddles, he had a lot of fun!

The Rant
Dave stood on the street and ranted about government. People walked by and thought he was an actor by how animated he was. The crowd that he drew caused Dave to get even more animated. People threw money at Dave for his wonderful performance. Dave took a bow once he finished his rant.

Double Whammy
Elena's car shut down on the road. She decided to get out of the car to call for help. The car keys was left in the car when she closed it. When the towing service came, the driver asked her to open her car. She was unable to since her key was trapped inside.

Lazy Doesn't Pay
David was very lazy. He wasted all of his time sitting around doing nothing. He wanted to get a new video game for his computer. When he asked for a higher allowance, his mother said no. David was angry, but knew he would need to work to earn money.

Pickle
We had a tradition when I was young. We would hang this glass pickle on the Christmas tree. Then on Christmas morning we had to find it. Whomever found it first would win a prize. It was always so much fun.

Weight Loss
Fred wants to lose weight. The only problem is that he's never worked out before. His buddy Jeff is going to go to the gym with him tomorrow. Hopefully Jeff can give him some pointers to get started. Fred is very excited to start his new weight loss journey.

A New Pet
Sally asked her parents if they could get a family pet. The family decided to visit a shelter to choose a pet. At the shelter, they looked at puppies and older dogs. A spotted puppy caught their attention by jumping up and down. Sally and her family chose the puppy to bring home.

The dress problem.
Margaret was about to get married. She was trying on her dress for a last minute alteration. For some reason, the sleeves weren't fitting right. Margaret was very upset and thought it was ruined. Luckily, her seamstress was able to fix it up.

Charity
As I walked out of the movie theater I saw a homeless man. He was asking for money to eat. I offered to give him my popcorn. He turned it down. I understand, it's nasty stale old popcorn.

Quick Wedding
Louise met a man and they decided to get married. They had only known each other for three weeks. She called each of her family members to tell them the good news. They would ask if she might be pregnant. She would always answer that it was too soon to tell.

Cold Turkey
I woke up in the morning and started to get ready for the party. I left the house after one hour, although I forgot to take my pills. I was driving for 10 minutes, until I arrived at my friends house. My cousins had to place me on the couch because I was tired. They asked me what happened and I said that I forgot my medication.

No More Sign
Gina was driving home. There was a street she wanted to take home which was closed. But today there was no sign saying it was closed. Gina wondered if she could now drive on the street. But the street wasn't paved, so she continued to drive past it.

Moon
Jack could not wait to see the moon tonight. He set up his telescope on the front porch. The sky began to get cloudy. It was difficult to see the moon for a few minutes. The sky soon cleared for Jack to enjoy the moon.

The long walk
My car broke down one day, and I had to walk to work. I began to walk the long distance after leaving my house. While walking, I saw a woman in her car hit a deer. The scene was very disturbing and it bothered me the whole walk. I finally made it to work and felt traumatized the whole day.

Catching fireflies
I was outside with my wife one day. We brought jars with holes in the lids. We saw fireflies in the air and wanted to catch some. We swung our jars and caught some flies. We let them go and went home.

gym
Ava resolved to go to the gym every day to lose weight. At first it was hard. She struggled to make it through even twenty minutes. But she persisted, and it got easier. Soon she was slimming down and shaping up!

Ophelia Sees Graffiti
Ophelia passes a wall with graffiti on her ride to work every day. Today her train makes an unexpected stop for a sick passenger. Ophelia has the chance to observe the graffiti in detail for once. She finds that she loves the way it looks. Now she appreciates the graffiti every time her train passes it.

Straightening Up
Carla's house was a mess and hadn't been cleaned in months. She decided the place needed a thorough cleaning from top to bottom. She wasn't sure where to start and considered just forgetting about it She decided to tackle one small section at a time and pace herself. She managed to deal with several rooms and was very encouraged.

Car Buying
Cal needed a new car, so he went car shopping. He found a great new car and put a down payment on it. Then he took it to get registered and insured. He was so happy to show it off to his friends. Everyone was amazed at his excellent taste!

Fall Leaves
Fall leaves are very pretty in the beginning of the Autumn season. I can't wait to clean them all up though. I wait till all the trees have dropped all of their leaves. We have one stubborn tree that keeps some leaves all winter. It doesn't drop them till Spring and I have to wait to rake them up.

Mail
Tom loved to get mail. He had a pen pal from China. One day he got a weird package in the mail. Tom opened it up and was shocked! Inside was a Chinese dumpling!

The Can Drive
Harry was part of the school can drive. Harry went door to door collecting cans. No one had cans to give away! Harry realized that this was because it was a poor neighborhood. He had the can drive director donate cans to his neighborhood.

Promotion
The company got a call from an angry client. The representative dealing with her ended up crying. I felt bad and decided to take over the call. At the end of the conversation, the client gave us more respect. My boss took me into the office and offered a new job.

No return
Ben bought a dog crate for an upcoming airline trip. The crate was too small for the dog. He asked his wife to return it to the store for him. He forgot to give her his credit card for the return. She was really upset when the store would not take the return.

The School Dance
Elizabeth was so excited about the school dance tonight! She was planning to go with Ross, her boyfriend. Ross picked her up at seven and they headed to the gymnasium. Elizabeth and Ross danced and took pictures with their friends. The school dance was a hit, and they were both home before twelve!

The Best Present
Eli's pet hamster had died about six months ago. He really wanted a dog but his parents said no. He hoped on Christmas morning he would get a new hamster. But he didn't. He got what he really wanted, a puppy!

Anticipating Caged Animals
The Smith family was eager to visit the zoo. They had anticipated going for months, and the day had finally come. They drove for hours in a cramped car, but their moods remained happy. There was no line at the gate, so they walked right in. The caged animals entertained the Smith family greatly.

Disney
Every year my in-laws take my family to Disney World. We stay at one of the resorts right on the grounds. We visit the parks and stay late every night. By the end of the week we are all exhausted and ready to go home. But we are always ready to go back when the next year rolls around.

Football Accident
I was trying to run to the touchdown. Gary was moving towards me. I tried to dodge him but ended up slipping. When I looked at my pants, there were grass marks. The teacher took me to the bathroom to clean them up.

The Wall
Fred took out his paint and supplies and began to paint a wall. He ran out of paint before he was halfway finished. Stan went to the paint store to get more paint. He bought a can and went back to his work. He finished and realized the two paints did not match.

Forgiveness
Abraham used to beat me up. I vowed to get revenge on him one day. I planned and I plotted against Abraham. Abraham was killed by a bus. I realized how much energy I wasted on Abraham.

Clyde's Sickness
Clyde was feeling a bit under the weather. He called his daughter to come take him to the doctor. The doctor told him it was just a cold. Clyde was prescribed lots of rest and hot liquids. Clyde was glad that it was something minor.

Playing Catch
Ken wanted to play catch with his dad. His dad was too tired from work. Ken went out to play alone. His dad saw through a window. He felt bad and went out to play with him.

Meg and her diet
Meg put on ten pounds during her luxury vacation. She wasn't certain what the best way was, to take the weight off. She asked her doctor, who gave her a diet to follow. Her doctor also gave her exercise recommendations. Meg followed the diet, and also exercised, and lost the excess pounds!

Flu Shot
William is waiting at the doctor's office. He is about to get a flu shot. William is scared and nervous about being around needles. The doctor came in and began giving the shot. The shot was painless, but still scary.

My best friend moved away.
Jason was my best friend when I was younger. Jason lived down the street from me. Every day I would go to Jason's house to play. One day Jason's family moved to another state. I was sad that I could no longer play with my best friend.

Sam Walks the Dog
One day Sam took his dog Bella out for a walk. Bella pulled and pulled on the leash. Sam couldn't hold Bella anymore and she broke away running. Sam chased Bella for 30 minutes before he finally caught her. Sam will not be taking Bella for another walk anytime soon!

Fire Ants
Grace was out for a walk in her neighborhood. She saw a big mound of red dirt. She kicked it to see what would happen. A swarm of fire ants poured out of the mound Grace turned and ran as fast as she could.

Frog Catching
Liam and Stacy went to the pond to see if they could catch frogs. They didn't have any luck for most of the afternoon so they went back. On the trip back they ran into a friend with a large white bucket. Sure enough, she had caught at least a dozen frogs. Their friend gave them a few frogs to return home with.

Doorknob
Bob's doorknob was broken. He decided to go to the store to get a new doorknob. He bought the most expensive one they had. Unfortunately, the doorknob was not the correct size. The store did not let Bob return the doorknob so he lost his money.

Candy
Bree wanted to give her friends candy for the holidays. But her family was very poor and candy was too expensive. So poor Bree was despondent, until she had a great idea. She bought sugar and syrup and crafted homemade candy! Her friends told her they'd never tasted anything so delicious!

The end of the world party.
It was December of the year 2012. Alex wanted to throw a party for "the end of the world". Him and his friends invited everyone over and they partied. They watched the TV waiting for something crazy to happen. Surprisingly, nothing did happen.

Black Friday
Deborah loved to go shopping on Black Friday. She planned out her shopping strategy a month in advance. This year, she was hoping to get an especially great deal on a PS3. But in the tussling crowd, she was pushed over and broke her wrist. Not even the best deals were worth the hassle that year!

Rain
Rachel got off of the school bus. She was walking across the neighborhood to reach her house. A drop of water fell on her cheeks. After a few seconds, it started to rain. She decided to run.

crushed ice
Ben needed crushed ice for drinks. But he only had whole ice cubes. He put them in a thick plastic bag. Then he hit the bag with a hammer. Ben made his own crushed ice!

S'Mores
Bob's parents and their friends usually had a pit on Friday evenings. Sometimes Ms Roberts would bring marshmallows to roast. Tonight she had everything needed to make s'mores. The kids tummies hurt by the time they went to bed that night. They were full of the delicious treat!

Miscalculation
Camping in the fall sounded like a good idea. Jen did not want to sleep on the cold ground. She brought an air mattress to sleep on. She was freezing all night and did not get any sleep. The air in the air mattress was colder than the ground.

Deception
Joe and his friends played hide and seek. Joe was it. Joe tried to find his friends but tripped. He pretended to cry and his friends came over to help. Joe mischievously tagged his friend and ran away.

bus
Ella was starting first grade at a new school. She would have to take the bus. She was very nervous! But then she met the kind driver and aide. They helped eased her nerves.

New Telescope
Jimmy had recently gotten a new telescope from his school. Tonight he planned on using it. He went to his backyard and set up his telescope to face the night sky He focused on a bright spot in the sky. He was so excited to see the planet Venus through his telescope!

Jill Sells Her Laptop
Jill was late on her rent. She would not get paid until next week. Jill decided to sell her laptop on eBay. She was able to sell it for $500. Jill was able to pay her rent the next day.

Pasta
There was this Italian joint by my work that had the best pasta. I would go there at least three times a week. The best part was that it was cheap. A month ago they went out of business. I guess they should've raised their prices.

Toothache
One day, I awoke with a very bad toothache. I had to go to the emergency dentist. When I arrived, he greeted me and got to work. He gave me an emergency root canal. I was so glad it didn't hurt anymore.

At the Pool
Lucy and her friend Gina were looking for something to do. It was a hot summer day and they wanted to play outside. Gina suggested they go to the pool. Lucy was sure her grandmother would say no. Gina convinced Lucy to lie and say they were going to the park.

The Heat
One a cold night I collected firewood. I took a bundle inside and set it by the fireplace. I arranged the wood in a tepee and set it on fire. The fire grew very big very fast. Soon the whole room was very warm.

Long Ride
Bill was tired of Texas so he got on a bus. The driver asked where he wanted to go and Bill just shrugged. He took the bus as far as it went and got off. Bill waited for the next bus and repeated that process. In three days Bill made it all the way to Ontario.

Mike's Day at the Park
Mike decided to spend the sunny afternoon in the park. When he got to the park, he got a corn dog from the vendor. After lunch, he decided to walk to the pond. He spent most of his time feeding the ducks. Mike had a wonderful afternoon at the park.

Paying for Her Fabric
Lucy had waited 30 minutes to have fabric cut. She was tired and ready to go home. She and her grandma got in line to checkout. It was another 15 minute wait. When they finally paid Lucy was irritable, and cranky.

Runner
Ray was a distance walker. One day she tripped and badly injured her foot. She feared she'd never walk properly again. But she diligently did her physical therapy exercises each day. In six months she was not just walking again, but jogging!

Art
Jed poured his life and soul into composing a piece of music. It was undeniably one of the most beautiful songs ever recorded. Jeb put a video of him playing it on Youtube. His life's work finished, he jumped off a bridge. He never knew no one had ever listened to his upload.

Washed the cat
We noticed our cat was starting to smell funny. After talking about it, we decided to give her a bath. We ran the water lukewarm, as to not upset her. Dropping her in, we began to scrub. Before long we had a clean cat!

The Kidnapping
Kim always wanted to walk by herself to school. Kim's mom refused to let her because of the danger. One day, Kim's mom was on a trip so her dad said she could walk alone. Kim never made it to school, disappearing forever. Kim's mom blamed her father, resulting in a tragic divorce.

Snow Manger
Bill's kids were excited when it snowed Christmas eve. His wife said they had to go to mass. Bill insisted on letting the kids play in the snow instead. Later, his wife looked out the window. She saw Bill and the kids had built a nativity in the snow.

Computers
Joe had loved computers since he was a little boy. He decided to major in computer science at university. It was a struggle to get through some of the material. He worked hard and achieved a perfect GPA. When he graduated, he started his own IT company.

Spice Mix Up
Ellie's grandmother told her to get one teaspoon of cinnamon. She carefully measured it before giving it to her grandmother. They finished the cookies. When Elly had one she realized there was a problem. She had given her grandmother red pepper instead of cinnamon!

Time
When I was a kid I wanted nothing more than to grow up. With each year I would impatiently wait to become 20 years old. When I was 20, I waited impatiently to be 40. When I was 80, I was on my death-bed and I wished I was young again. I realized I had forgotten to enjoy the journey.

China Cookies
I have always wanted to go to China. So, I went to Beijing one year. I've always wanted to eat Chinese desserts, which are very famous. I tried some Chinese Cookies at a small outdoor market. There were the best cookies I've ever had in my life!

mile runner
Nicole wanted to run a mile in 7 minutes. She could only run a mile in 10 minutes. She ran one mile every day. She got faster and faster. Now, she can run a mile in 7 minutes.

Long Break
Jim felt too stressed to finish his homework. So he decided to take a break. But his break lasted very long. And he felt even more stressed that he was running out of time. Jim regret taking such a long break.

The Boardwalk
The Jones family was heading on vacation. They hadn't been out of town in a very long time. They decided to go to the beach. The beach they went to had a very nice boardwalk with lots of shops. They spent an entire day walking up and down it, having a great time.

Getting a pet
Sam wanted to get a pet. He decided a cat would be best for his lifestyle. He visited a cat shelter to check out the cats. He liked one of the kittens, named Fluffy. Sam adopted Fluffy and took her home.

From Girlfriend To Landlord
Brandon's girlfriend was more generous when they broke up. Brandon and Tina lived together and they wanted to separate. But Brandon didn't have anyplace to move into. Tina bought another house and now Brandon pays her rent. Now she is his landlord and even accepts late rent payments.

The snake bite.
I went to a beach near my area. I wanted to go swimming. While swimming in the water I saw a snake. The snake bit my leg. I had to be treated by the medical staff at the beach immediately.

flowers
A girl at work used to always get flowers delivered. It seemed like every week it was a new guy. Sometimes we wondered if people chipped in to buy them for her. Or others wondered if she bought them for herself. But either way, she always had beautiful flowers at her desk.

Ring
Eddie and Rita have dated for two Year's. Rita sees Eddy buying something in a jewelry store. Rita waits for Eddy to give her a present of jewelry, but he doesn't. Rita thinks the jewelry is for another woman. Rita snoops through Eddy's things and finds an engagement ring.

Amazon
Greg wanted to take an exciting vacation. So he went to the amazon jungle. He found it pretty dull. But when he got home he found things wiggling under his skin. The doctor told him that a bot fly had laid eggs in him.

The Cart Girl
When I was in college I had a summer job. The job was being a cart girl at a local golf course. It required me to drive around the course all day and hand out drinks. I loved doing this because it felt like no work. Looking back, I know I'll never have a job that easy ever again.

Coffee Bean
Earl is a senior citizen and likes to go out to get coffee. There's a fast food chain that gives him a senior discount. He's been going there for coffee for twenty Year's. Today he got a coffee maker for his home for the first time ever. Now he doesn't have to leave his house for coffee.

No Speeding
Katie loved to drive fast. She enjoyed the adrenaline rush speeding gave her. Katie was speeding on the highway one evening. She crashed into another car and killed one person. Katie regretted speeding and never drove a car again.

Guitar
Sam was a guitar player. He had an antique guitar. He decided to pass it down to his son. His son was grateful. His son became a guitar player.

Jam session
My son and I went to a friend of a friend's house. They had a bunch of guitars and a drumkit set up in the living room. I told them my son was a good guitarist. A guy grabbed a bass, another sat at the drumkit, they waved him over. My son joined in and they had an awesome jam session!

The Hike
Mike and Molly wanted to go for a hike. Unfortunately it started raining. Instead of giving up they decided to take umbrellas. Unfortunately lightning struck Mike as they hiked. Molly has never been the same since.

Dogs can talk
When I was little I saw a movie about a dog that could talk. I begged my parents to get me a dog. I felt upset because the dog could not talk. Mother explained to me that no dogs can talk. I loved my dog and we enjoyed talking though he could not respond.

Hurt Back
Today the new refrigerator arrived. I asked my neighbor to help me carry it into another room As we were carrying the fridge, it slipped out of his hand. All the weight was on me, and I pulled my low back. Now I can hardly get up off the couch.

Prom
Dimitri desperately wanted to get a date for the prom. He wrote songs and played them and got rejected. He wrote poems and spoke them and got rejected. He made cards and sent them and got rejected. Finally someone made him a song and played it and Dimitri accepted.

Coffee Counter
Liz felt like she was waiting in line for coffee longer than usual. She was starting to get annoyed. When it was her turn to order she had a pleasant surprise. The person in front of her had paid for her coffee! She felt happier then even though she had to wait so long.

Camping trip
Allie and her family decided to go on a camping trip. They decided to travel for an hour. When they got there, Allie was bored. She was annoyed about having to be with her family. She wanted to go home.

The pinata.
It was Judy's birthday. Her dad bought a pinata. They set it up outside. Then, Judy hit it with a bat. Candy came out and fell everywhere.

Dinner
The family was driving to a restaurant for dinner However, the two boys in the back seat were bickering. The Dad told them to be quiet if they didn't want to go home. The two boys kept arguing. Dad turned the car around and headed home.

The Smoker
Henry pulled out the smoker and got the charcoal ready. The brisket had been cornered and now he retrieved it from the fridge. He put the brisket on the side as he lit the wood and charcoal. Tenderly he placed the brisket on the top shelf of the smoker. After setting the temperature too low, he daydreamed about the brisket.

Nervous Groom
Jason was going to get married today. He was worried so his best man Jeremy came to help. They talked about how he met the right woman. How he loves being with her every second. The best man did his job and finally calmed down Jason.

Shower time
I turned the water on so I could take a shower. I went downstairs to talk to my kids. One thing led to another and I was distracted for 30 minutes. I went back upstairs and climbed into the shower. The water was so cold I screamed like a little girl.

Concert
Jen won two tickets to a concert. She got the night off from work. Then she invited Sally to go with her. Sally couldn't go. Jen took her sister, Beth, instead.

Cayla's clay crafts
Cayla is very good with clay art. Every clay piece she makes looks great. People started to take interest in Cayla's clay work. So she started to sell them. Cayla is very pleased that people appreciate her clay crafts.

Jim's Trip Falls Through
Jim wanted to visit family in his hometown. He'd always made plans in the past, only to have them fall through. He made plans once again, hoping this time would be different. The morning of the flight, Jim's wife fell ill. Jim stayed home to care for her, making plans for his next attempt.

Forgetful
Silas was a forgetful person. Silas runs into plenty of situations place where he forgot something. His mother, fed up, got him a day planner. It took a while for Silas to begin using it. Once he did, he no longer had problems remembering things.

Drinks with the girls
I always look forward to Fridays. It is our girls night. Three of always get together and catch up. We choose a restaurant and have drinks and dinner. It is our favorite day of the week.

New York Adventure
Chantal had never been to New York City. She decide to visit the city for two weeks. While she was in NY her cell phone was stolen. She was very upset about this. She decided that it was time to end her vacation early.

Loner
Bobby was walking around his local park. And he saw a few of his classmates. Bobby felt lonely but was too scared to approach them. He continued to walk around. And he hoped they wouldn't see him.

Scary shot
Lulu had to go to the doctors. She was due for a shot. The thought scared her. She got all her stuff and headed over. When shot happened, lulu screamed.

Fishing
Marty loves to fish in the ocean. The smell of the salt and the call of gulls relaxes him. This morning he left very early to go fish. He came back with a large red snapper. His hobby happens to give him dinner sometimes.

Becky's Nap
Aunt Becky was relaxing on the couch. She started falling asleep. Kayla decided to bring her aunt a blanket. Kayla covered Aunt Becky up. Aunt Becky had a nice nap.

Willy caught a lightning bug.
Willy was shown pictures of lightning bugs at school. Willy thought that they were really cool. Willy went home and waited until night time to catch one. When the sun went down, Willy went outside to catch some. He caught three dozen lightning bugs that night.

Wedding Day
Phil went to his brothers wedding. His girlfriend came with him as well. They both got very drunk and could barely get home. They succeeded but not without leaving half their clothes behind. Going to the place the next day they found it all in the trash.

Grace
Grace never wanted to leave the country but she had to. She could no longer afford to live so far from work. She moved closer to work and saved money but was never happy. She decided to find a smaller house in the country. She finally found one and was the happiest she'd ever been.

Error
My son started playing baseball last year. He was always afraid to get in front of the ball. The coach worked with him on it all season. During the last game he finally stayed in front of a grounder. The ball bounced up and hit him in the face.

Eating Too Much
Kate hadn't eaten all day. She decided to get a big dinner. She ate really fast. It was too much before she knew it. Eventually Kate wound up throwing up.

Landes
Landes wanted to learn how to play chess. He bought a chess set and joined a chess club. Over time Landes became a good chess player . One day Landes entered a chess competition. Landes came in 3rd place in the contest.

Popcorn
Billy had watched his mother make popcorn dozens of times. He felt like he could do it, no problem. However, he put too many kernels in the pot. It just kept popping and popping. The pot overflowed and there was popcorn everywhere.

One page
Tim was reading his favorite book. He sat the book down to get a snack. The dog came and snatched a page out. Tim looked everywhere for the page. He found it by the dog bowl and was happy.

Town Center
Olaf and his buddies decided to go shopping in the Town Center shops. His friends just kept wanting to buy food. But Olaf wanted to go shopping for clothes. Eventually they were headed toward the clothes shops. But Olaf's buddies were full and tired, and decided to leave.

Fishing
Eve likes to fish. He decided to go to the lake. She put her fishing equipment in her truck and departed. When she arrived to the lake, she met with her friends. Eve enjoyed that weekend very much.

Substitute
Mr Thompson is a substitute teacher. The class he has to go to has an unruly bunch. The class gave him a lot of trouble. He sent most of the kids to the principal's office. He couldn't wait to leave.

New pair of shoes
I was super excited to get a new pair of shoes yesterday. I walked over to the jimmy choo store. My eyes immediately jumped to the black heels. When I tried them on it was magic. I was sober happy and elated when I purchased them.

The Diet
Chris went to get a coffee. He was on a diet to lose weight. Chris caught the smell of the donuts freshly laid out on display. He knew he was on a diet, but they smelled so good. Chris decided his diet would start tomorrow.

Toxic Paint
Jess wanted to remodel her old house. The inspector finally came to test her house for lead paint. He took samples from every part of the old house. Two weeks later, the test results came back positive. Jess reconsidered remodeling her house this year.

Light Reading
Gina's mom was sleep on the couch at her grandma's house. So Gina couldn't watch TV. But she wasn't ready to go to bed. She decided she would read instead. But the only magazine her grandparents had was about News.

Johnny Was Sterile
Johnny and Anika had been married for a year. They planned on starting a family but Anika didn't get pregnant. She went to a doctor to check her fertility. Then she recommended Johnny be tested. Johnny was embarrassed to admit he had a low sperm count.

zoo
The Omaha zoo was getting new elephants in their zoo. The family drove one hour to go to see the elephants. Once they got their they had to walk to the back of the zoo. One of the elephants was hiding behind the feeding shed. The other four elephants were out and enjoying the sun and visitors.

Offensive
Gina was playing tennis with Tim. She told him that the game is boring. Tim started to get mad. He threw his racket on the ground and walked away. He told Gina to go away since he thought that she was annoyed by him.

Horsing Around
Mia always wanted to ride a horse. Her dad took her to a ranch so she could ride one for the first time. She was intimidated at first by how big the horses were. The trainer helped her step by step on how to ride. Mia had so much fun once she got the hang of it.

The bad haircut.
Linda wanted a new hair cut. She went to the salon but there was a new stylist. Linda decided to give her a try. Unfortunately, she didn't like the hair cut at all. She was polite, but she never went back to that salon.

Valentine's Day
I wanted to give a Valentine to a coworker. I bought a corny little card and some chocolates. I gave them to her on the day. She looked at them with a grimace. I stopped paying as much attention to her after that.

To The Store
Gina's dad had given her money to buy a phone card. She stood in the doorway waving as he left. She locked the door to the house and turned to go to the kitchen. She then realized she should have asked for a ride. She now had the money, but she still had no phone card.

Cleaning the Pool
Jane sat reclined in the chair by the pool. Ted came by, like usual, at 10am. He started to get his cleaning supplies out of the truck. He spent the next hour cleaning the pool with Jane sat and watched. Ted finished, and Jane paid Ted.

Air Fare
Jeff i booking a flight to Cancun. He thinks he can get the flight for free. He has a lot of reward points saved up from his credit card. He hopes to use them to get a free flight. Turns out it was only enough to knock the price down half!

Garbage Day
Jim hated taking out the garbage. Jim went to take out the garbage this morning. As he was carrying the garbage bag it ripped. Garbage spilled out everywhere. Jim had to pick up the garbage with his hands.

Cravings
Adele really wanted some candy. She checked the cupboards, which were empty. She wondered if she should get in the car to go buy some. Adele decided that she didn't want candy enough to go drive. She still craves that candy to this very day.

30 Days To Success!
Paula was hired as a consultant. She was given a simple task to get her started. Paula gave excuses every day why she hadn't finished the task. Eventually her contract expired with the work undone. Paula left richer and without a single line of code written.

Consequence
A food fight broke out in the cafeteria. Some people got up to throw their food. This includes my friend who threw a chicken breast. Next day, he got a call from the school. They suspended him for a week.

Thieves and bears
Michael loved his toy bear. He would take him everywhere. One day he took him to a park. A thief stole Michaels pet bear. He never saw his bear again.

The Eagle
Jocelyn loved the outdoors. She decided to take her kayak out on the lake. She was paddling across the lake when a shadow crossed her path. Looking up she saw a large eagle flying above her. It grabbed a fish and flew away.

Swimming
Jason went swimming at the neighborhood pool. He was throwing his splash ball across to a friend. The lifeguard warned him not to throw it so hard. He threw it hard and hit a little girl in the face. He was kicked out of the pool for the rest of the day.

The Zebra Suit
Cathy wanted to be a Zebra for Halloween. Her mom took her to a local costume shop to get the costume. The shop didn't have a Zebra outfit, and Cathy was disappointed. Her mom looked up other shops and drove to one. This one had a suit that her mom purchased, and they went home.

Appalachian Trail
Winston was an avid outdoorsman. He loved to go fishing, hunting, camping, and most of all hiking. Winston's life goal was to hike the Appalachian trail. He spent months preparing for the ultimate journey. On his 21st birthday, he took time off to successfully hike the trail.

Disney Trip
Kim has always wanted to go to Disney World. Her tenth birthday is coming up next month. Her parents have a big surprise in store for her on her birthday. On her birthday, Kim's parents tell her that they are going to Disney. Kim is very excited and cannot wait to go!

Visiting my Boyfriend
I went to visit my boyfriend in Maryland. It was a long drive. I ended up getting stuck in traffic. It took twice as long to get there. I was really tired towards the end of the drive.

Dishonest
My sister asked for gas money to fill up her gas tank. I gave my credit card for her and told her to take out $40 dollars. However, she ended up taking out $60 dollars. I asked her why she took out the extra $20 dollars. She had nothing to say and remained quiet.

Farm Work
Marge decided to volunteer at a farm. She was excited to take care of animals. But she quickly realized how difficult it was. She was grossed out when she had to milk a cow. And she didn't even get to have the milk.

The Bonus
Amy decided to take a trip with her Christmas bonus. She planned the trip and paid in advance. On December 21st she was informed there would be no bonus this year. Amy checked but was unable to receive a refund for the trip. Amy decided she would enjoy her trip regardless.

Paying it Forward
A man bought a used car. It seemed like a great purchase at the time. Within a week, though, things began to go wrong. When he went back to complain, the dealership was out of business. The man took the low road, and sold the car to a new victim.

Being a Dentist
Wes was a dentist. He had a big problem with one client's breath. Wes decided to take a vacation. He planned it for the same time his dreaded client had an appointment. Wes was relieved to skip the bad breath.

The Tantrum
Amy had a headache when she was shopping for groceries. She knew the store's bright lights would make it worse. As she shopped a kid began to scream and throw a tantrum. Everywhere Amy went the mother of the child seemed to follow. Amy's headache was 10 times worse due to the child's screams.

The Movie
Sally wasn't sure if she wanted to go to the movies or not. She didn't like going by herself. She asked all the friends she would have to go, but they were busy. While walking down the street she ran into her old friend Sue. She asked Sue and she agreed to go the movies.

Out the Door
It was time to take the kids to school. The three of them were bundles in their coats and hats. Until the oldest remembers she forgot her lunch. I rush to the kitchen and throw together a lunch for her. Now out the door we go and school bond!

Palmetto Bugs
Nathan was visiting his grandparents. He went into the basement to get a toy. He saw a bug on the floor and freaked out. He ran up to tell his grandmother. She told him it was their pet palmetto bug.

The New Car
One day, Bob decided to go out and purchase a brand new car! He went over to the dealership and browsed for the car he liked. He found a nice red sports car that was in his price range. A dealer convinced Bob to take the car for a spin. Bob really loved it, and decided to buy it right then and there.

4th of July Parade
Ben and his friends put red white and blue streamers on their bikes. They attached American flags to their handlebars. They proudly rode their bikes in the July 4th parade. They felt proud to be part of the event. Afterwards there were fireworks for all to watch.

Take the stairs
John looked at the elevator and the stairs. Since the elevator was full he decided to take the stairs. Once he went up a few flights he checked which floor he was on. He had gone up 2 floors too many. John descended 2 floors to be where he wanted.

Walk at Central
Billy was walking at Central Park. He spotted many birds in the grass there. The birds approached him rapidly, so he began to run away. Billy got away from the birds by jumping into a pool at Central Park. Billy ended up very wet from his walk at the park.

Mean cat
Rocket was a mean cat. He didn't like to be pet. If he wouldn't let anyone get close. One day his owners son got too close. Rocket ended up scratching him.

New Phone
Alex's phone got dropped in the toilet and died. So now it was time for her to get a new phone. She went to the store and checked out different models of phones. It was really hard for her to choose. Finally, she settled on the new iPhone and purchased it.

Skipped College
Shawn graduated high school in 1988. He took a year off before he returned to school in the fall of 1989. That fall, he was a freshman at Delaware State University. He took core classes but said they were all too easy. One semester later, he dropped out of school and joined the workforce.

Bear Breakfast
Ben loved to hunt animals in the woods. He shot and killed animals, both large and small. One day, Ben decided to get drunk and fall asleep in the woods. A bear came up from behind him, one which was very tall. What once was a hunter, soon became the hunted, devoured in all.

Jen and the news
Jen loved to stay informed by reading the news. She read the news from lots of different sources. She liked the news so much, that she started a current events blog. Jen's  blog had a wide variety of news contents and opinions. Due to the wide variety of news on the blog, it became successful.

Without Green
Jan went to her closet to throw out old clothes. She began by removing anything that was green. She took all the green clothes and put them in trash bags. Jan took all the bags to a local thrift store. They gave her $10 for all her green clothes.

Apollo
My daughter wanted to get a puppy. We went to the dog pound . We found an adorable black lab. We adopted him and named him Apollo. He loves his new life as part of a family.

Going to the mall
One day my girlfriend and I were bored. We thought about things we would like to do. We decided we wanted to go shopping. We put clothes on and went to the car. Eventually we arrived at the mall.

Spaghetti
Jill was cooking spaghetti. She put the noodles on to boil. She began the sauce. She kept thinking she was forgetting something. Jill forgot the meatballs!

Winter
I hated winter. So, I decided to move to Hawaii. Hawaii had great weather all year long. But, then I realized I missed the winter. So, I moved back to the mainland.

Divorce
The parents began hating each other gradually throughout the Year's. They would try to hide the fights from the children, though. They loved the children but not one another anymore. The parents knew a divorce would be rough on the children. Both parents had grown up in broken homes.

First Car
Eric bought his first car. Be he valued a fast car over a reliable one. After a year, Eric started having to take it to the repair shop. And he was getting tired of his car's problems. So it traded it in for a more reliable one.

Art for life party
Lulu was excited to attend the Art for Life Party. Every summer it was in the Hamptons and had amazing guests. All of the proceeds would go to charity. Lulu made sure she had a sizable donation. She was happy to be there.

Annie
Annie couldn't read. She had started dating a great man, but she was afraid. She thought he'd leave her if he discovered her secret. But one day he caught her struggling over a children's book. Instead of leaving her, he began giving her reading lessons!

Camping Problems
Frank was given the job of setting up the tent for camping. He had never constructed a tent before. He struggled and struggled but couldn't get the tent erect. His camping partners returned and the tent looked like a mess. Everyone laughed and joined together to finally build the tent.

A new ring to it
Shannon went to the mall to get her ears pierced again. She picked out some new studs and had her ears pierced on the spot. Now she had 7 piercing in total in her ears. The man who pierced her asked her if she wanted to pierce her lip. Shannon was not sure and told him that she'll do it next time.

Just Dance
Sam wanted to make new friends. He decided to take Salsa lessons at a local art school. Sam gradually became comfortable dancing in public. The more he danced, the better he felt physically and emotionally. Sam realized that the benefits of dancing are manyfold.

Mom May I
My mom's boyfriend was a real dog. I found him cheating on her with her best friend. I decided to set him up. So, I called her and told her there was an emergency. She came home and caught him red-handed.

Important Presentation
Mary had to give an important presentation at work. She had prepared all week for this presentation. She loaded up her PowerPoint on her laptop. The file was corrupted. She was able to retrieve another file from a backup on her email.

Reruns
It was late, but Gina wasn't sleepy. She decided to stay up and watch TV. She was at her grandma's and her mom was asleep on the couch. When she changed the channel her mother woke up. She made Gina change the channel back, and go to sleep.

The Flood
The Smiths had lived on their farm for three generations They heard all the warnings about the incoming floods. The Smiths decided to stay and fight it out. Their entire farm was completely swept under. None of them survived.

Custom Control
The lead actor in a play couldn't find his costume shirt. He asked the prop manager if he could find it. They both searched high and low for the shirt. The prop manager found it behind a box backstage. The actor put the shirt on and ran on stage.

lunch
Kara had forgotten to go grocery shopping. She realized she had nothing to give her son Rodney for lunch. She looked around for a good makeshift lunch. Then she found a great solution. She sent Rodney to school with peanut buttered celery sticks!

Sick on a bike ride.
Molly was on a bike ride with her family. She was trying to keep up but felt so worn out. For some reason, she felt like she was dying. She ended up so sick she had to get off of her bike. Then her dad realized that her break was jammed.

School Shopping
Amy was going school shopping with her mom. She wanted to get a shirt that showed her belly button. Her mother put the shirt away and wouldn't buy it. Amy begged, but her mom wouldn't budge. Amy rode home in sulking in silence, upset she couldn't get the shirt.

The Mail Must Go On
The mailman came to my door to deliver some letters. I came out to meet him as he did this. I asked the mailman if he could deliver something for me. The mailman said he could if it had stamps on it. I handed the mailman a frying pan with 20 stamps on it.

Christmas Tree
Jill and Greg went to go buy a Christmas tree. They found a good batch that some Boy Scouts were selling nearby. After looking high and low, they found the perfect tree. They tied their new to to their car to transport it home. Unfortunately, it fell off while driving home and was ruined.

The Baseball Game
Phil wanted to see his favorite team play baseball. Phil's stepfather was willing to take his son if he helped his mother. Phil agreed to the deal and helped his mother by completing chores. Phil's mother was very grateful for her son and her husband. Phil and his parents went to see the baseball game.

Ice Cream Truck
Leroy heard the ice cream truck coming blocks away. He got all his change ready and ran out the door. He got out just in time to catch it. He picked his favorite treats. It was the perfect end to a warm summer afternoon.

Cleaning Up Quickly
My fiancee's dad and stepmom came to visit last month. We didn't start cleaning the house as early as we should have. We procrastinated until a week before they were to arrive. We ended up having to spend hours each day cleaning. In the end it looked like we had never even had a messy house!

New sister
Lulu's parents told her they were expecting another child. Lulu was very disappointed. She was afraid she would no longer get the attention. Yet to her surprise when the baby came, she didn't hate them. She actually liked being a big sister.

Rex Can't Sleep
Rex has been in bed for two hours but hasn't fallen asleep. At last, he decides to get up and watch television. The repetitive chatter of the television gradually lulls Rex to sleep. When he wakes up he feels well rested. Rex is happy that he finally fell asleep.

Gymnastics Day
Jimmy was excited because today was gymnastics day. He was looking forward to working on the pommel horse. Jimmy's coach called the class into the gym and set up stations. None of the stations included the pommel horse this time. Jimmy was disappointed, but he still enjoyed his class.

Gingerbread houses
It was a beautiful Christmas morning and Stacey was going to bake. She decided to make gingerbread houses with the kids. She got all the ingredients together and put up the houses. They looked too pretty to eat. When they were done, she took to

Winter is here
The day after the big celebration I woke up missing my cozy socks. I looked under the bed, they were not there. Found a jacket and put in on, still my feet were cold. Made my coffee, continued looking for them. The dog was asleep on top of them: winter is here!

Tags
Gina wanted to keep a loose dog she found. But she knew he needed to go home to his owner. However she found the dog had no tags. She felt responsible for the loose dog. She knew she had to find him a safe, new home.

Todd's First Bike Ride
Todd had always wanted to ride his bike without training wheels. Every time he asked his father, he said Todd wasn't ready yet. Todd knew he could despite what his father said. Todd took off his training wheels when his father was not around. His father looked outside the window to see Todd riding on two wheels.

Old Cat
Jaye was just a toddler. She loved the pet cat. She tried to pounce on the cat to give her hugs. Jaye's mom told her the cat was old, so she needed to be gentle. Jaye gave the cat air hugs instead.

Accepting cancer
Jim was diagnosed with cancer. First, he denied it was happening and refused to go to the doctor. After his mother had a breakdown, Jim realized he needed to accept it. Jim then threw himself into fighting his cancer. After 5 rounds of radiation and changing his lifestyle, Jim was cured.

Entertaining
Elaine loved to entertain. She decided to have a small get together at her house. She called several of her friends to invite them to the gathering. She then called the caterer to prepare an array of foods. As the guest arrived, Elaine told them to prepare for a night of fun.

Dirty Dog
I let my dog outside to go to the bathroom. When he came in his was covered in mud. I took the dog to the bathroom and drew him a bath. I washed all the mud off my dog. I then dried him off and relaxed with my clean dog.

Grass In The Bed
Gina had used her parents bedspread for a picnic. It had been outside in the back yard. It looked clean to her, so she put it back on the bed. Later her mother found grass on the bed spread. Gina was scolded for using things without asking.

The Relieved Mother
Frank had always wanted a snake for a pet. His father finally talked his mother into agreeing to get him one. On the way to the pet store, his mother told Frank what they eat. Frank was horrified that he would have to feed the snake mice! His mother was thrilled when Frank told his father to turn around.

Too cold outside.
Maria was on a walk to the store. It was dead winter and very cold. She tried her best to stay warm but it was freezing. It was so cold that she decided to go inside the nearest building. She waited there for a friend to pick her up.

Commute
Every day Jeremy takes the train to work. When the train was trying to stop this morning, it made a bad noise. Jeremy decided to roll the dice and got on the train anyway. By the time they hit the next stop, the train was broke down! Jeremy got off the train wishing he had just driven to work.

Grandpa's Thanksgiving Job
On the morning of Thanksgiving, Grandpa woke up early. He came downstairs to the kitchen. He took the turkey out of the refrigerator and put it in the oven. Grandpa set the oven to 165 degrees. He went back upstairs to bed.

Humble Card
Nell asked her mom for a card to give her favorite teacher. Nell's mom made a card with pressed flowers for the teacher. Nell was upset because she wanted a store-bought card. She glumly handed the homemade card to the teacher. The teacher was so impressed she kept the card on her desk all year.

Enlisting In The Army
Jason wanted to go to the army. He had to see if being in the army was like in the movies. He went to his local recruiting office and enrolled into the army. Next he passed an entrance exam and a physical. He leaves for China in two weeks.

Tim's Metal-Detector
Tim decided to buy a metal-detector from an online-store. He bought the metal-detector and waited for it to arrive in the mail. When the metal-detector arrived, Tim was so excited. Tim ripped open the box of his new metal-detector. Once the box was open, Tim saw the pieces of a broken metal-detector.

Disappointment
Tina studied hard for her test, in order to get an A in the class. She experienced no difficulty on the test and ended up with an A. However, the teacher gave her a B in the class. He gave her a 0 for a missing homework assignment. She searched her backpack for the paper but she couldn't find it.

Poor On Christmas
It was December twentieth and Dana cashed his check. He wanted to give his twelve year old son a good Christmas. First, Dana counted out his rent money. He had twenty three dollars left for Christmas. He didn't know how to tell his son his father had no money for gifts.

Out of the House
Amy went to her friend Beth's house. She wanted to get her mind of Ray from school. The girls sat on Beth's porch bored. Beth suggested that Amy should call Ray. Amy thought she would rather die than call a boy.

Inhaler
There was a kid who ran a 2 mile race. On the way to the finish line he was out of breathe. He stopped and tried to catch his breathe. It didn't work, he had to use an inhaler. The inhaler worked and he finished the race.

Olga
Olga wanted to get a suntan. She stretched a towel out in her backyard. Then she applied tanning lotion. She spent the afternoon laying in the sun. In a few hours she had a nice dark tan!

So Tired
Norma was so tired. Nothing she did to try to stay awake for work was helping. The coffee did nothing to perk her up. Nor did the sweets she tried eating to stay awake. She fell asleep at her work anyway.

combine
Noah was asked to do a football combine after school. When he arrived at the pavilion he put on his cleats. The first station was his height and weight. He was measured with skin folds and then vertical jump. The last stations were running for speed.

Jimmy Oversleeps
Jimmy could not fall asleep. He felt restless and fidgety in his bed. Jimmy took some over the counter sleeping medication. He slept like a baby that night. When it was morning, Jimmy ended up oversleeping for work.

Daniel Brings Snacks to Math Class
Daniel found that he became very hungry in math class every day. He decided he would bring a snack to his class. Daniel's teacher caught him, and sent him to detention. Daniel stopped bringing snacks, but was still hungry in math. Daniel decided to eat more before school to solve the problem.

Doris Visits the Art Museum
Doris learns that there will be a special exhibit at the art museum. She asks her friends if they will go with her. Unfortunately none of them want to see this exhibit. Doris decides to visit it alone. She is happy that she went, despite having to go alone.

State Flag
Mississippi has a state flag controversy. Many places are wanting to take it down. Some have already chosen to remove it. Some have kept it up. Now it is being voted on.

Powerball Tickets
Sara and Jane decided to buy Powerball tickets. They had to cross the river to do so. Once across the river, they ended up at a biker bar. At the bar, there were hundreds of people buying tickets. Sara and Jane won nothing.

Xmas Gift
I got my sister in law a gift card for Christmas last year. The supplier let me customize the card. I put a black and white photo of her as a child on the card. She was very pleased when she got the card. She will keep recharging the card.

Walking in the rain
I was on my way to work. Suddenly, it started to rain. I had to walk for miles in the rain. I got closer to my work and it rained harder. When I got to work, I was soaking wet.

Rainy Drive
Susan got in her car to drive to work. On her way to work it began to rain very hard. The lack of visibility caused by the rain made Susan nervous. Susan decided to drive much slower than usual. She arrived to work a little late, but safe.

Olympic Lifting
Bob was skinny. He was tired of being weak. He decided to get strong. He enrolled in an olympic lifting class. After two years, Bob became extremely strong.

Dog birthday party
Rita decided to throw her dog a birthday party. First, she made a list of dogs and their owners to invite. Next, she identified a dog park to hold the party. Then she chose a date and sent out invitations. At the party, the humans had a better time than the dogs!

A scary walk.
Sara was walking to her boyfriend's house. She had to cross through a forested area. As she approached it, she heard scary banging sounds. She was too afraid and turned around. She had to walk the long way around instead.

Baby wipes everywhere.
Elizabeth had to leave her toddler alone for a minute. She went to the bathroom and then came back. She saw that her toddler had emptied out an entire pack of baby wipes. There were baby wipes all over the room. She had to collect them all and shove them back into the plastic.

Accident
Brian was driving in his car. Suddenly a car hits him from the side. They both get out of the car. The man who hit him pays him the money. They don't get the cops involved

A Boat
I wanted to buy a boat. My wife said no. I decided to get one anyways. I came home with the boat. My wife got angry and made me sleep on the couch.

Baked Pie Sale
I just finished my first batch of pies and carried it outside. My mother helped me set up a stand to hold the pies. We stood behind the stand for several hours. Several people came buy to purchase pies. We ended up with $100 dollars at the end of the day.

Birthday
Naomi turned 15 on Thursday. She woke up to a full course breakfast of bacon, eggs, and pancakes. She enjoyed breakfast and got ready to go to the mall with her parents. At the mall, she enjoyed a day of shopping. Naomi had a wonderful birthday.

Spelling Bee
Jennifer studied for weeks before the spelling bee. On the day of the bee, she was very nervous. She took her place at the front of the auditorium. She spelled all her words correctly and won. Jennifer became her school spelling bee champion.

Failed charger
I was upset yesterday because my iPad was dead. I tried plugging in the charger but the charger failed and was dead. Thankfully I was able to run over to the Apple Store and get a new one Is one thankfully worked well. I was very relieved.

A Strong Gust
It was a really windy day outside. Eric went outside to get the mail. A strong gust of wind blew him over. Eric fell to the ground. He scraped his elbows on the fall down.

The DUI
Tyler went out with his friends to a bar. He drank there with them for three hours. Tyler was not feeling sober, but he had to get home to his wife. A cop noticed him swerving all over the road and pulled him over. Tyler got a DUI and his wife was not happy.

Marry doesn't like the cold.
Mary doesn't like cold weather. She would rather stay in the house all winter than go outside. When she gets invited to winter festivities she hardly ever goes. But Mary grumpily endures winter's frost. At least until she can afford to move to warmer state.

New Clothes
Lisa and Lexi were shopping for clothes at the mall. But Lisa wanted to go into a store that sold goth clothes. Lexi began to feel uncomfortable inside the store. And she felt strange when Lisa brought goth clothing items. Lexi thought Lisa was too weird to hang around with anymore.

Unfortunate storm
Kelsi and her friends decided to go to the beach yesterday. When they got there, the weather was beautiful. Yet unfortunately they got shocked by a storm. As it started to rain, they ran to the car. Luckily they were able to go to a movie instead.

The Woes of a Graphic Designer
Jared is a graphic designer. Every day, he has to deal with awful requests for site designs. Last week, a client asked him to put a background over a login button. He gets stupid requests like that all the time. It frustrates him to no end.

Chirping Bird
The bird had been outside the window for a week. All it did was chirp. It would not go away. Finally the girl threw a rock. The bird flew away forever.

Sarah's Raise
Sarah hoped she would get a raise at work. She worked very hard. She stayed late when her boss asked. Sarah's boss told her he'd give her the raise. Sarah's glad she put in the extra effort.

Car Shopping
Frieda set out to buy herself a car. She went to the lots and found them manipulative. She checked magazines and found them to be sell-outs. She listened to friends and found them to be biased. Frieda did her own research online, and made an informed purchase.

Angry People
Hannah drove into the parking lot. She looked for a place to park in. When she was moving towards one, another car came through. The driver violently honked his car. He ended up stealing the space quickly.

Rachel's Rose Garden
Rachel was tired of her boring old front yard. She decided to go to the gardening store. She bought lots of rose seeds. She planted roses all around her yard. Now her yard is beautiful and full of life and color!

The Date
Henry had told Susan he would take her to the new restaurant. She had been eager to go there since it opened last month. When they arrived, they found it was very busy! The wait for a table was over three hours long. Susan kindly suggested they go to the movie first.

Ethan's science test
Ever since starting 6th grade, Ethan struggled with Science. On Monday Ethan got every question on his science test wrong. He had to bring home his failed test to be signed by a parent. On Wednesday Ethan got a second chance to take the test again. Because he studied very hard, Ethan managed to pass on the second try.

Breakfast
Joy and Grace plan to meet for breakfast. Joy invites Grace to place by her house. They both meet up at the Little Diner. Over  they spoke about their families. After breakfast they hugged each other and said goodbye.

Picking a new dog
Jenn's mom told her she could get a dog for Christmas. They researched breeds to figure out which type of dog was best. The family decided they wanted a Siberian husky. They went to the local dog shelter and there was a 1-year-old husky! They adopted him and named him Scooter.

Spill
Gina, a friend, and sisters were having a picnic. They set up plates of hot dogs, cookies, and soda. Someone knocked over a cup of soda. It spilled in the grass and on the sidewalk. Gina decided it was time to clean up the picnic.

Forgetfulness
Tim always forgot his homework. He was failing all of his classes. He could never remember to bring his homework. He decided to do his homework at school. He never forgot his homework again.

The Barista
I used to go to a Starbucks in my old town. The same barista worked there all the time. Even though I went there a lot, she could never spell my name right. Finally before I moved she did spell my name right on my cup. I felt a sense of closure and knew I ready to move on.

Vacation
The family was planning a vacation to Florida. They began by finding a place to stay that was affordable. They then contacted the airline company to get a flight. Once they had flights and a place to stay, they rented a car. Now they just had to wait until it was time to leave.

Ready for Bed
Paco was having fun playing. Soon his mother told him it was time for bed. He didn't want to go to bed yet. His mom got him in his pajamas and laid him down. As soon as he felt the warm bed though, he fell fast asleep.

The Gambler
Nadine and her pal planned to go to Vegas. Nadine thought of a strategy to win at roulette. She convinced her pal the scheme would make them rich. The girls took out their savings to gamble at roulette. They went home broke and never spoke of the trip again.

The Liar
Billy had a habit of telling convenient lies. First, he lied to his parents about his report card. Then he lied to his friends to get out of helping them. Billy started noticing others looking at him with disappointment. Billy wondered if it was too late to break his habit.

Going Downtown
Petula wanted nothing more than to take a trip downtown. She had heard many great things about the buildings and lights there. She wanted to get there and forget about her worries. When she arrived, Petula was very excited. She burst into song, as she found it exactly as she hoped.

Transit Maps
I collect transit maps. Many transit properties will send you a map for free. I received maps from NYC, Chicago, Boston, and London. I sold some of my excess maps on ebay. I still have the London map, though.

Banana boat
We loved going on the banana boat. Six people would get on this big raft. The boat would then take us around the lake. Everyone tried to hang on as best as possible. It was so much fun.

Street Race
Molly decided to drive her mom's car. Her mom was out of town. On her way to school, she raced a friend. She ended up crashing the car. Molly's mom is very upset about her car.

Road Trip
Kim wanted a change of scenery. She decided to take a trip to another city. She drove out by herself. The drive was a bit tedious but nice. She enjoyed exploring new areas.

Shoes
Adam had a very old pair of shoes. He decided that they were too old to wear anymore. He went to the shoe store to get a new pair. None of the new shoes looked right to him. He decided to wait a little while before buying new shoes.

Running Late
I had a big meeting on Friday. I went to bed early and set my alarm for early the next morning. I woke up late the next morning. My alarm clock had broken in the night. I was still late for the big meeting.

Going Home
The funeral was finally over and Gina was ready to go home. But people were still coming up to speak and say bye to her grandma. Gina waited patiently in the lobby of the church for them to finish. 30 minutes later the were ready to leave. Gina was so tired she fell asleep as her mom drove them home.

Visit Home
I decided to visit my childhood home. I traveled three long hours to get there. When I got there, my childhood home looked nothing like I remembered. The new owners had completely changed the outside and painted it. I was so sad, that I left and never ever returned.

The Zoo
One Summer morning we decided to go to the Zoo. We got there late and there was a very long line. By the time we got into the Zoo we had missed the Lion Show. That was very upsetting. Thankfully we got to watch the Elephant show right after.

Fixed
Mr Jerry was going to fix Chesters bike. He told Chester he'll deliver it to him. Chester got a call from Mr Jerry. Apparently, Mr Jerry messed it up even worse. Mr Jerry promised to buy him a new bike though.

Kelly
Kelly was eager to attend her family Christmas party. But then her friend asked her for help on Christmas. He said he was volunteering at a homeless shelter and needed help! Kelly knew her time could be better spent helping others. She missed her party and was happy to help the homeless instead!

Silence Please
The snoring coming from my brothers room is obnoxious! He sounds like a giant pig snorting all night long. I begged my Dad to get me ear plugs but he never did. So I made a plan to get a good night's sleep. I called my Grandma and asked if I could spend the night.

Riding
Maya loved horses. She wanted to go on a horseback ride. Her mom took her to a range where rides were offered. She and Maya both got to ride on horses. Maya had a wonderful time!

Concert
Our neighbor Julia invited us to attend a concert. Her husband is a music teacher at the Boston Conservatory. The orchestra played Baroque music. They performed two Bach cantatas. We thoroughly enjoyed the performance.

Sick Day
Devon woke up feeling terrible, with a stuffy head and sore throat. He wanted to call in sick, but a big meeting was on the books today. He forced himself to go to work, but they weren't happy to see him. His boss ordered him to go home, meeting or no meeting. Devon rested up the rest of the day, knowing they were right.

Bored
Stan was bored in class. He tried to pay attention but he just couldn't. He decided he would ask questions to stay awake. He stayed engaged with his teacher. Stan was not bored anymore!

Bats in the Attic
Larry went up to the attic to get his winter clothes. The first thing he noticed was something hanging from the rafters. He turned around and backed down the ladder. He called a pest control company to get the bats. But it was just some loose insulation hanging down.

Fall
I walk with a cane due to a stroke. In 2013 we went to visit my son's new apartment. It had hardwood floors. My cane hit a rug and slipped, causing me to fall. Luckily I was not hurt.

The Rock
Ben was playing sports. He tripped on a big rock. He took the rock and put it in his pocket. He won the game easily! He saved the lucky rock forever!

Catching a bug.
Molly was excited to go bug catching. She chased butterflies with her net. Finally, she caught one. Then, she put the butterfly in the bug case she had. She took it to show her parents.

Elementary School Hero
Carlos and Ruben walked home from school together every day. They would terrorize the girls in their neighborhood on the way home. Their favorite trick was to hide and then jump out to scare the girls. Sometimes they even threw rocks at the poor girls. Jeff was a boy scout who had his hands full walking scared girls home.

Sushi
An Asian friend of mine knows all the best sushi places. He invited me to one last week. We went to a place where the chef made the sushi in front of you. It was an interesting thing to witness. We ate the sushi and planned to visit again next week.

Broken headphones.
Patty was on a road trip. During the drive her headphones broke. She stopped at a gas station. Inside, she bought a new pair. Then, she resumed her drive.

Running
Jeff hates to run for exercise. He decided to run around the lake near his house. Jeff loved the view but couldn't run around the entire lake. He returned home only after 10 minutes. Jeff promised himself that he will someday run around the entire lake.

New Phone
Claire really wanted a new phone. She always got the latest model She decided to wait in line outside of a store. She was able to get the new one. She was excited but doesn't think it's much better than the older one.

The Surprise
Andrea was not feeling well lately. She didn't know what was wrong and was worried. She decided to go to the doctor. The doctor ran some tests and told Andrea that she was pregnant. Andrea was shocked but delighted to tell her husband the news.

The Walk
Sarah decided to take her dog for a walk. When she was long into her walk, her dog started barking behind her. There was a man that had been following Sarah. Sarah was scared and called her friend that lived down the street. Her friend picked her up and Sarah was relieved.

Flying
Morgan was going to visit her grandparents. She was going to fly alone. She was very nervous. The flight attendant was very nice. She made Morgan feel safe and comfortable.

Blades
Jane like to rollerblade. She took out her blades and put them on her feet. It was a bit rainy outside so she asked her mom if it was ok. Her mom agreed that Jane only stay outside for a few minutes. Jane went outside and rolled around the block.

Duck Pond
I went to the duck pond with a friend. We watched a family approach with some bread for the ducks. They began to feed the ducks peacefully. Suddenly, the other ducks noticed and came over. We watched as the family ran away from a flock of demanding ducks.

Roommate
My roommate used to eat my food out of the fridge. All my leftovers always got eaten before I got home from work. I had to leave him a note asking him not to do that. Ever since that note he has left my food alone. I guess notes really do work!

Training
Paul had a pet mouse, Bess, that he really wanted to train. His friend said he wouldn't be able to train her to go through a hoop. Paul was sure he could, and they made a bet on it. Paul used small bits of cheese to teach Bess to go through. He was very glad to both claim his winnings and have a trained pet!

Ice cream
It was such a hot summer day. Mary didn't know what to do with the kids. She decided she should take them for ice cream . She packed up the car and headed to the store. all the kids enjoyed the cold ice cream on such a hot day!

Turtles
I love turtles. I decided to get a job helping turtles. Alas, there were no jobs for helping turtles. I settled for volunteering at the turtle shelter. Volunteering at the turtle shelter was fun and rewarding!

Racing Ant
Lucy and Mary were playing in Mary's yard. They gathered ants and put them in a jar. Lucy suggested they race their ants. They put the ants into a box and watched. All the ants did was run around in circles.

Nine Inch Nails
I love the band Nine Inch Nails. One summer I convinced my boyfriend to take me to their concert. The concert was at an outdoor ampitheater in Washington state. We tried to push our way up to the front and ended up in a mosh pit. It was an incredible experience!

The store
Amy was out of milk. She decided to go to the store for milk. She saw that eggs and cheese were on sale. She bought milk, eggs, and cheese. Amy spent too much money at the store and wasn't able to go out later.

Frog Leap
Gina tried to run across the street in the rain. She held her pants high to prevent it from touching any puddles. However, a large puddle was blocking her way to the next street. She stepped back and decided to run towards it. With a large leap, she was able to reach the other side.

Peter the Elf
The kids loved getting Peter the Elf from Grandma. They were told of his special powers. Mommy and daddy needed to move him every night to keep the myth alive. It sometimes was difficult finding different spots for him. But it was something the kids looked forward to each year.

Shy
Ko was very shy around girls. He practiced talking at home. Soon he had enough courage to approach a girl. To his shock, she smiled and kept talking to him! Ko was proud of himself for overcoming his shyness.

Evening Gown
Elaine is a seamstress for her local community. Elaine was contacted by a pageant contestant to make an evening gown. Elaine invited the contestant to her shop to take measurements. After coming to an agreement, Elaine showed the contestant the sketch. Elaine was nervous to be making the contestant's evening gown.

The teacher in labor.
Susan's teacher was currently pregnant. She was supposed to go on her maternity leave any day. One day in class, her teacher went into labor. Susan helped calm her until help arrived. When the baby was born, Susan got to meet her.

Inconsiderate Andy
Everyday, Andy would walk down the street. Everytime he saw a dog, he kicked it and kept walking. One day, he saw a big dog, and decided to kick it also. As soon as he lifted his leg, the dog bit it leg and left him crying. Nowadays, Andy no longer kicks dogs as he limps down the street.

Clean Your Room
Mollie's mother was unreasonable! She told her she couldn't go out to play until she cleaned her room. Molly pushed her clothes under the bed. She shoved her toys into the closet, willy nilly. Her mother said it wasn't good enough and made her start over.

The Event
Amy and her mother were at her Aunt's graduation. Amy was crying which distracted her mom. Her mother let her hold the Polaroid pictures. Amy put the pictures in her purse for safekeeping. When they left she forgot to pick up her purse.

Roger the Dog
There once was a dog named Roger. Roger loved to go swimming in the lake. He also loved to chase after birds. But soon Roger will get tired. So he will go to bed, so he can be ready for another day of fun.

Sarah Goes To College
Sarah waved to her mother goodbye. Sarah was leaving for college. She drove 4 hours to get to campus. She unpacked her things into her dorm. Afterwards she met her new roommate Jane.

berries
Anna saw raspberry bushes in the forest on a hike one day. They were laden with ripe fruit. Anna went home to get a basket. Then she returned to pick lots of berries. Anna and her friends feasted on their sweet berries all week!

freedom
Esma was in jail for ten Year's. Her release date finally arrived. Esma was released from jail and set free. She breathed in deeply and cried with joy. After ten Years, she was finally a free woman!

Summer Evening
It was 10 PM on a summer night. Gina lay in bed at her grandma's house trying to go to sleep. Gina usually stayed awake till 1 AM in the summer. But her grandmother insisted she go to sleep when she did. Unable to sleep, Gina lay in bed with nothing to do.

Orange Juice
Janice wanted some orange juice with her breakfast. She looked in the fridge but she was all out. Janice decided to go to the orange tree in the backyard. Janice picked about 10 oranges off the tree. She squeezed some juice and had it for breakfast.

The Amusement Park
Megan and her friend really wanted to go to an amusement park. The park they chose to go to was one that they grew up going to. When they got there, they quickly realized something. Now that they were older, the park was not as fun. Megan and her friend laughed as they realized the park was for kids.

the bike fit
Jen had to go pick up her 8 year old daughter at a friend's house. The daughter had taken her bike and it was too dark to ride it home. The bike would only fit in the van with the hatchback up. Jen thought she would remember to stop before going into the garage. Jen forgot that the hatchback was up and hit it on the garage ceiling.

Plane Ride
Alicia was so scared to take her first plane ride! She was trembling as she sat down and buckled her belt. She grew even more nervous as the plane lifted off. But after a while, the soothing noise of the engines lulled her. She drifted off and woke to find that the flight was already over!

Ice Skating
India wanted to try Ice Skating. India searched online for a ice skating instructor. After visiting with the instructor, India decided to take classes. At her first class, India was a bit nervous, but did well. India was glad she took the chance to learn ice skating.

A Heartbreaking Decision
Joe used to own two dogs. But then he lost his job. It pained him, but he had to give one of his dogs away. Months later, he got a new job. Now, he seems happy with just one.

Long Bike Ride
Sam asked his mom for a ride to his pal's house. She said she was too busy to chauffeur him around. So, Sam rode his bike the ten miles to his pal's house. That evening, Sam's mom got a call from her weary son. The chores had to wait while she picked up Sam and his bike.

Rock climbing fun
I decided to go indoor rock climbing with my friends. I put on the harness and the helmet. When I started climbing I lost balance. I scraped my knee against the wall. I started bleeding and needed a band aid.

Too Much Coffee
Katie had a big presentation at work in the morning. She didn't get much sleep the night before due to her dog. She decided to pour a little extra coffee into the machine. She felt herself waking up fast as she drove to work. But by the time she got there she was too caffeinated up to present.

The bug trap.
Miley's house was infested with flies. She decided to make a bug trap. Using old fruit and a jar, she set a trap up. Soon, the bugs were flocking to her jar. She was able to get rid of a good portion of the bugs.

Fatal Hit
I passed the football to Ben. He managed to run 20-25 yards towards the end zone. Unfortunately, Rick tackled him in the groin. He held his knees as he fell to the ground. The coach had to call the medic to take him to the emergency room.

Sleep Won't Come
Gina was trying to fall asleep at her grandmother's house. She could hear the dogs in the yard. And the cars as they drove past the house. She considered getting out of bed to watch TV. But she was afraid of what her grandma would do if she caught her.

Francis Visits The Dentist
Francis noticed that he had a toothache. While he knew he should visit the dentist, he delayed the visit. However, his toothache became more painful. Finally Francis decided to visit the dentist. He was happy when the dentist fixed his toothache.

Wind Pain
Nancy tried to get some lunch before her next class starts. Although she had the opportunity to eat, she caught a stomach ache. It gave her a lot of pain to the extent where she can barely walk. Instead of going to her class, she tried to call her mom. Her mom got out of work to pick her up.

Grandma to the Rescue
Alex was home sick from school. He awoke to see his Grandma in the kitchen. Alex was happy she came to take care of him. Grandma put Vicks on his chest and gave him ginger ale. Grandma was better than dad at taking care of sick kids.

The Rice
Ben walked through the supermarket and found the rice aisle. A bag on sale half off caught his eye. Ben bought two and put them in his cart. He took his cart right away to the cashier. The cashier remarked that he must like rice.

The hair dye in the water.
Kendra had dressed as a vampire for Halloween. As part of her costume, she dyed her hair black with temporary dye. That night, she tried to take a bath to get it out. Instead, the bath water turned black. Then, the dye stuck to her skin for a whole day.

Present
Dave wondered what to give his dad for Christmas. The he thought of the perfect gift idea. He would buy dad a set of golf clubs! He saved for two months and then bought the clubs. His dad said it was the best gift he had ever gotten!

The Writer
Leslie wanted to be a writer, she wanted to go and experience to life. She enrolled in a MFA program and moved to New York City. She hung out with other writers, and got to know the city well. At the end of the two years, Leslie owed a lot of student loan money. She had to quit writing for a steady 9-5 job.

Trip to magic kingdom
Last month I went with my cousins to Disney world. The first place we arrived at was magic kingdom. The only problem was that it was a pain to get there. We missed the bus and had to get on a later shuttle. It was worth it though because we had so much fun.

Friendship Bracelet
Amelia wanted to be friends with Kiku. She decided to give him a handmade gift to show him how she felt. She worked very hard on a pair of matching friendship bracelets. When she went to give one to Kiku, he gave her one in return. They had both wanted to be friends with each other!

The Lecture
Lucy's mom was upset with her. She had run off toward the road. Her mom yelled and ran after her. She lectured her sternly. Now Lucy is afraid of the road.

Vacation
The Kims decided to go on vacation. They narrowed down their destinations to Disneyland and Seaworld. They decided on Disneyland. They bought tickets. They had the best time of their life at Disneyland.

Howard's first job
Howard needed a little money for his hobbies. His parents told him to go find a summer job. Howard looked around town and finally got an interview. A few days later, Howard was called and given the job. He showed up for his first day and did very well.

Stripes
Bob had a healthy head of hair. He decided to put stripes in his hair with hydrogen peroxide. He had dark hair, so the blond stripes would be very apparent. He took a few hours to do it just right. His hair drew a lot of attention when walking through town.

park
I thought I lost my hat at the park today. I spent a lot of time looking for it. I was just about to give up when I saw something far away. It was my hat, stuck in a bush! I'm really glad I found it.

Paul Paints
After Years of corporate work, Paul wanted a way to express himself. He decided to buy a set of paints and a canvas. Paul began to paint landscape scenes every day. He found it was a great way to be creative outside of work. Paul was very happy he found a way to express himself.

Sent To His Room
Ray screamed profanities at everyone around him. He slapped their faces, kicked their knees, and made rude gestures. Ray was forcibly put into his room. They told him to stay there, or else! Ray decided he didn't like being 89 all that much.

Kansas City
Matt's best friend Rick was moving to Kansas. Matt hated Kansas because of the chiefs and tornados. He convinced Rick to run away with him to Texas. On there way to Texas they got lost. When they looked up at the sign it said, Kansas City five miles.

Samantha Feeds the Ducks
Samantha had always loved watching ducks swim in a nearby pond. One day she decided to bring some bread crumbs to feed them. The ducks quickly gathered around Samantha to eat the bread crumbs. It was the most beautiful moment of Samantha's life. She decided to return the next day to feed the ducks again.

The Lazy Worker
Once, there was a very lazy worker on Mechanical Turk. The worker spent all day in bed, answering surveys on the internet. People tried to get the worker to go out and get a real job. The worker did not want to get a real job, or to get dressed. So, the worker continued to answer surveys on the internet in bed.

Chores
Amy had to clean her room before she could go out to play. She didn't want to spend her afternoon cleaning. Amy picked everything up and hid it under her bed instead. She ran outside, but her mom was suspicious about how fast she was. Amy's mom found her mess and made Amy come back inside.

Geisha
Neil was visiting Japan. He knew his trip couldn't be complete without a visit to see geisha. So he went to a local tavern where geisha worked. He observed their beautiful makeup and elaborate hairdos. He was so tongue-tied, he could barely order his drink!

Old Woman
I was walking to the store. I saw an old woman getting ready to cross the street. I decided to help her. She thanked me and gave me a dollar. I realized it felt good to help other people.

Drumset
Jim got a drum set for Christmas. He realized he didn't own any drumsticks to play with. Jim biked to the store to buy a pair of drumsticks. The store was closed because it was Christmas day. Jim decided to play with unsharpened pencils instead.

Zipline
Matt climbed to the top of a small mountain with his family. At the top, they found a long line of people. They discovered a zip line that would carry them to the bottom. They decided to take the zip line all the way down. It was terrifying, but they all enjoyed the overall experience.

Ghetto Carry
His wife bought a set of box springs. The springs did not fit in her car. She asked her husband to retrieve the springs. The husband used slip knots to tie the springs on the roof of the car. After looking like it belonged in a ghetto, the springs made it home.

Bagged Lunch
Larry was running late for work. He grabbed the bag of lunch left out by his wife and ran out. His wife didn't even get to say goodbye. When Larry went to eat for lunch he noticed no food in the bag. He had gotten the wrong one in his hurry.

Secret Santa
4 Friends were playing secret santa. Jason had to give Jen a gift. He did not know what to give. He ended up buying a nice notebook Jen pretended to like it.

New Job
I got laid off from my job of 21 years. I was very nervous about finding a new job. I put my resume on the internet the next day. A day after that, I had an interview. I actually got a job that paid better than my old one!

Going to the Park
It was summer and Amy and her sister were bored. They asked their dad to take them to the park. Their dad said he had too much work to go to a park. Amy and her sister slunk away sadly. Their dad gave in and took the girls to the park after all.

Burger King
Kyle wanted to watch Netflix, but didn't have internet. He was also hungry, so he decided to go to Burger King. At Burger King, Kyle turned on his laptop. To his surprise, Burger King had wifi. Kyle spent the rest of the day eating burgers and watching Netflix.

The Novel
Britt was determined to write a novel. He had so many ideas in his head. He just need to put them on paper. One day he decided to lock himself in his office. As the days passed, he typed out his book and it was complete.

Tailgating
Before the game started, people were barbecuing in front of the arena. I took the opportunity to get to know some unfamiliar faces. In addition, I got along with those who were rooting for the same team They were kind enough to offer some of their food. On the other hand, some were rude and belittled me.

Late Night Gaming
Sid decided to take a break from long hours of homework. He thought he would just play video games for half an hour. But he ended up playing until 3 AM. Sid never finished his homework. But felt he deserved to have fun.

Young Love
Tracey wanted to go to an overnight concert with her boyfriend. When she asked her parents the immediately said no. She then yelled and complained telling them they are no fair. Reluctantly they told her they want to meet him. After the meet and greet her parents forbade her from seeing him.

The first diaper.
Steve had just had a new baby. It was time to change his first diaper. He put the baby on the bed and then began. It was really gross and he made a mess. Soon, he got everything all cleaned up and the baby was good.

Breaking Rules
Amy and Beth were at the mall. Amy decided to get her ears pierced. She knew her mom would be upset so she wore her hair down. It took 3 days for her mom to notice. Her mom made her removed the earrings and let the holes close.

Fat
My wife put on a dress. She asked me if she looked fat in it. I told her she looked fat. She got angry. I had to sleep on the couch for a week.

Bananas Stop the Itch
Theresa came home from a bonfire covered in mosquito bites. She was so itchy that she couldn't fall asleep. It was too late to drive to a store to buy something to help. She read that the inside of a banana peel helps stop the itch. After rubbing them with the peel, she was able to fall right asleep.

Locked Door
Amy had to go outside to get to the class in the adjacent building. When she got to the door it was locked. Amy knocked but there was no one to let her in. She went to the door she came out of only to find it locked as well. Amy had to walk around the building to the front door to get back in.

Fishing Trip
Mike and Ted decided to go fishing. They found a quiet stream and got their gear ready. After an hour there was a bite on Mike's line. He was super excited and Ted helped him reel it in. That night they had a large dinner from the fish they had caught.

Beach outing
Thalia wanted to go to the beach. She packed her beach bag and hurried out. Once Thalia arrived, she realized that she forgot her bathing suit. Instead of going home, Thalia decided to take pictures instead. She got a great shot of the sunset on the water.

The Race
John and Nate were were competing in a race at the end of the summer. Nate hurt his ankle and couldn't train for three weeks. John thought he could take time off his training and still beat Nate. Nate healed completely and restarted training. Nate won the race to the surprise of everyone.

Braden
Braden is a teacher who has been let go due to downsizing. Braden went home to tell his wife and to start job searching. After months of no interviews Braden decided to blog about it. Turns out people enjoyed reading about his rants online. Braden began a professional blog which is now his decent paying job.

Birthday trip
Last week it was my friend's birthday. As a gift from her family, she was able to take us to NYC. We ended up having a great time. We went to museums and a theater show. By the end of the trips we had so many memories.

Going swimming
My friends and I wanted to go swimming. We went to the lake and put on swimming trunks. We hopped into the lake water. We swam for hours and jumped off the dock. We put our dry clothes back on and went home.

Brian and his dog
Brian and his dog always went for a walk around the block. He would wave at his neighbors and they would wave back. One morning Brian woke up late and couldn't walk his dog. Brian called his friend to walk the dog. Brian felt bad for waking up late.

Stuffed
Lexi just finished a bowl of ice cream. But she was tempted to get more. She figured it wouldn't hurt to have another scoop. But she got carried away. Lexi ended up stuffing herself on ice cream.

New Baby
Esther was having a baby. Unfortunately, her due date had passed by a week. She had to go to the hospital to be induced. Finally, the baby arrived. For Esther, it was worth the wait!

Who taught me to drive.
It was just my mom and I at the time. My dad wasn't able to help me drive because he had to work a lot. My mom was a nervous wreck because there was no one to help her. We took things slowly, but my mom made me nervous driving. She was panicking all the time and screaming.

What to do?
I have to get to Kats house tonight! I look in my wallet and find I have no money, and my car has no gas. I see there is $5 sitting on the counter at my friends. I decide to take it, leaving a note saying I will pay him back later. I feel bad when i get to Kats house, so I leave and return the $5.

Impatient
Tony was taking an online math class. And he was studying for a quiz. He became impatient and wanted to get the quiz over with. So he took the quiz before he was ready. Tony rushed through the quiz and got a D.

Old Baseball
Bob found an old baseball in his attic. So he and his friend, Mike, decided to play catch with it. Eventually, Bob let his Mike have the baseball. But Mike noticed a faded signature on  it. He was able to sell it for $1000.

Football
I love the sport of football so much. Whoever created that sport is a genius! You get to take all your frustration out by running into people. It's all in an organized fashion but it gets me pumped up. Playing football is a great stress reliever!

Fortune Teller
Rick saw a fortune teller on the street. And he decided to go up to him. The fortune teller told him that he would regret a decision. And Rick constantly worried. Rick regret going up to the fortune teller.

Road trip
The walkers decided to go on a road trip across the country. Their destination was California. The family had a great time on the road. Unfortunately they got a flat tire. Luckily a stranger helped them fix it.

Wide Feet
Jim had wide feet. But he needed to get new shoes. He tried on at least 10 different pairs. But they were all to narrow. Jim left the shoe in anger.

Burger Surprise
Kevin was hungry after school. So he decided to go to a burger place he was passing by. The place was empty and small. But the people who worked there were very friendly. When Kevin bit into his burger, he was amazed.

Jobs
I hated Mechanical Turk. I decided to get a full-time job. Alas, no one would hire me. I gave up searching for a job after nine months. I had no choice but to continue working on Mechanical Turk.

Screaming baby
Lulu and her friends decided to meet at the restaurant. When they got to the restaurant there was a baby screaming. The girls thought it would go away. Yet to their dismay it would not stop. Finally it got so bad, lulu had to leave.

Warm Drinks
Steve went to his kitchen to get a cold glass of water. He poured the water in a glass and looked for ice cubes. There weren't any ice cubes in his freezer so he began to make some. Steve had to drink his water warm. Four hours later his cubes were ready but he was not thirsty.

The ruined surprise party.
Diana was planning a surprise party for her sister. Her job was to take her out shopping and then bring her to the party. As they were making her way home, a fight accidentally began. Diana tried to get her sister to come inside anyways, but she was mad. Her sister left, and the party was ruined.

My Bike
I had a red bicycle when I was younger. One day, I decided to ride my bike as fast as I could down the road. I started to brake, but my wheels started to skid. I quickly regained control of the bike so that I wouldn't fall off ! Once I stopped, I knew that I would never try that again.

Lifter
Ora wanted to gain strength in her arms. She began going to the gym with her friend. They would help each other lift weights. At first Ora was weak and could hardly lift anything. But in just a few weeks she was stronger than ever!

Lunch duty.
Larissa really wanted to take a turn on school lunch duty. It was the last week of the school year and she hadn't had a turn yet. That day, the teacher was drawing names. Larissa wasn't expecting to have her name drawn. Luckily, it was and she got to take her turn.

Moving Day
Rodney was getting ready to move to a new house. He packed up all his possessions into boxes. When the moving truck came he helped load everything. At the new house he helped them unload everything. When he was done he was so tired!

The Seeds
Cam tossed a handful of seeds into her front yard. She made no effort to take care of the seeds. In a few weeks some began to sprout. Cam began to water the ones that grew tall. She dug up the plants when they got big and put them in a pot.

The Sale
Jake was excited about his recent purchase. He thought he got a good deal on it. Shortly after it was put on sale for less. Jake was upset but called the store. they were able to match the price since it was a recent purchase.

Chris Falls in Love
Chris was afraid he would never fall in love after his divorce. He thought there would be no single women in his small town. One day he met a nice nurse at the same hospital where he worked. They fell in love and eventually married. Chris was very happy that he finally found love again.

Ballet
Anna wanted to take ballet. She told her mom. Her mom and dad talked about it. They decided it was okay. They signed Anna up for ballet lessons.

Pumpkin Seeds
Sam watched with interest as his mother cleaned out their pumpkin. She washed the seeds and dried them. Then she put them in a baking pan. She put them into the oven. When they came out they were crisp and delicious.

Gaming Show
Jackie was a fan of video game streamers on the internet. After awhile she decided she wanted to give streaming a try. She spent a lot of time crafting a persona to use on her show. But she didn't spend time making sure her computer could handle it. Her computer crashed during her first stream, making it a failure.

More Please
Amy loved Beverly Cleary books. She couldn't wait to visit the school library to find a new book. To her dismay there were on more on the shelf. According to the librarian none would return for a week. Amy was sad to leave without a new book.

Spiders
My sister is afraid of spiders. She jumps and screams every time she sees one. I love teasing her with spiders and watching her run away. At school, my sister learned about spiders and was no longer afraid. Now I can't have fun teasing her about spiders.

Shattered Dreams
Lynn put together a lovely Easter basket for her daughter Katie. Her plan was to put it in the living room before Katie woke up. But Lynn overslept on Easter Sunday. As she moved the basket out of the closet, Katie saw her. Katie's faith in the existence of the Eastern bunny was shattered.

The movie line
Billy went to the movies. There was a huge line! He did not want to wait that long. Ted then waved to his girlfriend who was at the front. She was so happy that she let him skip her in line.

The old town visit.
Missy was visiting the town she grew up in. She was really nostalgic visiting the old places. Then, she decided to go see her old house. She was going up the street and realized her house was gone. She was so sad to learn that it had been destroyed.

Cry It Out
The baby would not sleep through the night. When the baby was 1, Diane decided to let her cry it out. She put the baby to bed, and left the room. The baby cried for an hour straight. Diane decided not to use the cry it out method again.

The Perm
Janet wanted a new hair do. She decided to get a perm. It accidentally burned her hair. She had to cut a lot of it off. She still feels proud for trying something different.

Emily
Emily studies hard to be a physicist. She is very passionate and excited about her field. She networks with many people and aims to get a job. Emily gets an offer from an old professor. Her hard work paid off.

Pain to the Gut
My little sister was throwing the TV remote everywhere in the house. She also broke one of the windows by thrusting it there. I tried to snatch the remove away from her. Instead, she punched my stomach with it. I fell on the ground, holding my stomach.

Bob's children are great
Bob works very hard to provide for his boys. They recognize this and take him to dinner. They go to Bob's favorite steakhouse. Bob gets a porterhouse and loves it. Bob is thankful for his children.

Partying Alone
I got tickets to a show. No one wanted to go though. So I went alone. People bought me some drinks. I had a great time!

Go To Class
Gina and her friends had been waiting on the librarian to return. But now they thought maybe she was gone for the day. The girls thought maybe it was time to return to class. Just then a teacher came around the corner and saw them. The girls knew they were in trouble from the look on her face.

Spoilers
Matt was really excited for an upcoming movie. He also really wanted to avoid getting the movie spoiled for him. He decided not to talk to anyone or go onto the internet. Four weeks later the movie finally came out. He saw the movie free of spoilers and was sad.

The Walk
Kim and Beth were walking home from school. They were surprised to see dark clouds rolling in. Rain drops began to fall as Kim searched her bag for her umbrella. Kim realized she left her umbrella in her locker at school. The girls walked home getting soaked in the rain.

Robert's Cruise
Robert decided to go on a cruise. He bought his tickets online. He booked in advance to get a better deal. Robert bought his ticket for half the price because he booked early. Robert was glad that he booked in advance.

Clutch of Addiction
Roger couldn't contain his gambling addiction. Every day would see him at the Indian casino. His domineering aunt Mildred demanded he stop. He swore he would, but could not. He pulled the lever, certain this would be the time.

Presidential election
Kelsi and her friends went on a mission to support Trump. They went around school yesterday handing out flyers to everyone. They were determined to get him more votes. To their delight, people were responsive. Most people showed their support.

Laundromat
Eve wanted to go to her friend's party to look for a date. But her mom needed her to help with the family laundry instead. Sadly, I've lugged the clothes to the laundromat and began washing. As she waited there, she began a chat with a cute neighbor boy. And by time her wash was done, she had found herself a date after all!

Midnight Snack
Ruby and Rick's power went out in the middle of the night. Ruby wanted Rick to get her ice cream from downstairs. Rick couldn't see and slipped all the way down. He broke every bone in his back. At least Ruby can eat his ice cream from the hospital cafeteria.

Samsung Phone
James needed to get a new phone. He broke his previous one by dropping it. He shopped around at the mall. He found a Samsung phone that he really liked. He bought the phone with his credit card.

Camping
Mike and Jay went camping for the first time in their parent's yard. They put the tent up and even had a small fire. After they were asleep, their dad came out and scared them. They were very angry after they found out it was their dad. They ended up sleeping in their beds that night.

Barry Finds Islam
Barry was unhappy with Christianity. He decided to find a new religion. He traveled to the Middle East to explore Islam. Barry enjoyed the philosophy of Islam. Barry decided to convert to Islam.

Samantha Flunks Spanish Class
Samantha was enrolled in college spanish. She had to take the course in order to graduate. She only went to class on some days of the week. She never did her homework. Her teacher gave her an F for not trying hard enough.

Sick
Jack got really sick. He had to stay in bed for three days. He could not leave the house for another week after he got out of bed. Jack really wanted to get out of the house. Jack made sure he would wash his hands so he would not get sick again.

I Love Books
Don walked past the library everyday. One Tuesday something compelled him to go inside. Behind the desk was the most beautiful woman Don had ever seen. He asked her if she would go to dinner with him when she got off. Don and the librarian got married last Saturday.

Bike
My wife bought me a bike in 2000. It was a one speed fat tired bike. We live in a small condo so it was hard to hide the bike. She stored it on a neighbor's porch until my birthday. I rode the bike for several years until it gave out.

Street Stranger
Jan's dad brought her to the city to get her braces tightened. While Jan saw the orthodontist, her dad ran business errands. After the appointment, Jan waited on the corner for her dad. When a stranger approached, Jan felt a flash of fear. Gesturing a peace sign, the stranger smiled and kept walking.

No Indiscretion Before Marriage
Sam and Nancy had been dating for many months. Sam wanted to take the relationship further, in an intimate direction. Nancy convinced him she loved him. Sam worked over-time for weeks to buy the ring. He proposed to her on the steps of their church.

Lonely Old Man
When Jan and Bob move into an apartment complex they meet Stan. Stan is a lonely 90 year old widower. Stan keeps interrupting their alone time. They don't have the heart to tell him to stop coming by so often. So they set him up with a woman close to his own age.

Pumpkin Carving
Len wanted to carve a really cool pumpkin. He planned to make it look like a werewolf face! But as hard as he tried, he couldn't get it to look right. Finally he just carved two eyes, a nose and a mouth. At least it was a little scary looking.

Viola Gets a Tan
Viola has always been very careful of not letting her skin become tan. She knows that too much sun is bad for skin. However, one day Viola and her friends all visit the beach. She spends hours in the sun and becomes very tan. When she gets home Viola worries that the sun exposure was unhealthy.

Break in the rainy
Jerry decided to go for a walk during his work break. He thought the fresh air would help clear his mind. The weather app on his phone didn't say anything about rainy. A torrential downpour seemed to come out of nowhere. Jerry was drenched when he arrived back to the office.

Organize Closet
Amy's closet was an absolute mess. She decided to clean and organize her closet on the weekend. She pulled everything out of the closet and began to put it in bins. Halfway through she realized she didn't have enough bins. The closet wasn't perfect but it was better than before.

Bill Goes Skydiving
Bill was turning 40 years old. He wanted to try something new and exciting. He decided to go skydiving on his birthday. He took a video of him skydiving. Afterwards, he uploaded the video on Facebook and Instagram.

Mike's Test
Mike went to the farmer's market to get radishes. On his way to the radish stand, he was offered a free sample of cheese Mike had never really liked cheese, but he took a chance and tried it He smiled as he swallowed it and actually enjoyed it Mike decided to get cheese to eat with his radishes

Vitamin C
I was in gymnastics class. Suddenly, I snapped my biceps tendon during an exercise. The doctor said I needed to take extra vitamin C to heal the tendon. Alas, I couldn't swallow pills so I decided to eat lots of fruit. The vitamin C from the fruit helped me to heal my tendon!

The Bus
Penny loved to ride her school bus and was never late for it. Until one day, she overslept. She awoke just in time to hear the bus rumble past her house. She ran after the bus but wasn't able to catch it. For the first time ever, Penny had to walk to school.

Mike becomes 21
Mike turned 21 Year's old one summer day. When he woke up, he put on some clothes and left his house. He drove down to the local grocery store and bought some beers. He was very nervous to go home and actually try one. When he finally got home, he drank the alcohol but became too drunk.

The Woods
Linda loved hiking in the woods. Last week she decided to go late at night. It was scary being all alone. She didn't feel safe. But the beauty of the night stars was worth it.

Backyard Wrestling
Tim and his friends loved to watch wrestling on TV. They all wanted to wrestle. They set up a makeshift ring in the yard. Tim and his friends practiced their wrestling moves. Tim and his friends had a wonderful time.

Girl Scout Cookies
A girl scout was walking in my neighborhood. A group of guys walked towards her. They threatened her to give them all of her cookies. She immediately ran away. They were chasing her.

Chase The Dollar
Pat took out his wallet to get his credit card. A strong wind blew and a dollar fell from his wallet. Pat ran after the dollar and begged for someone to help. An old man jumped on the dollar and stopped it. Pat thanked the man for his service.

Self Pity
Lucy was far from home and missing her friends. Her grandpa took her to the park to get her mind off it. She sat on the swing barely moving, staring at the ground. Grandpa realized the park wasn't helping. They got ice cream and went home to watch TV.

Rock climbing fun
Stacey and her dad decided to go meet at a rock wall. The two put their harnesses on and started climbing. Stacey had a ton of fun. She raced her dad to the top. She ended up winning.

Weight-lifting
I go to the gym for weightlifting. My favorite thing to do is curls. But I think I may be neglecting my chest muscles. I'll be redoubling my efforts on bench pressing soon. Right now I'm too sore from my last workout to get started.

The lost coat.
Sean was at a school play. He was getting ready to go but couldn't find his coat. He started searching every for it. Unfortunately, he never found it. The next day, he found it under the chairs in the auditorium.

Early Bus
I rushed to get ready in the morning. I had just enough time to get to the bus stop. I was two blocks away from the bus stop when I saw the bus leave. It had arrived three minutes early. I had to wait thirty minutes for the next bus.

Times Square
Kim and her friend wanted to go to Times Square while in NYC. Kim thought it would be best to go at night to see the lights. Kim and her friend decided to go to the Tkts booth. They hadn't realized how late it was. They were unable to get tickets for that evening.

Bowling Night
Kyle was feeling lonely. He had just recently broken up with his girlfriend of 2 Year's. He decided to go bowling with some friends. Kyle rolled 3 strikes in a row. Kyle was so happy spending his evening with friends.

New Driver
Rachel got her license when she turned 16. She didn't take driving seriously and would text and drive. One day, she was sending a text and ran a stop light. Rachel was ejected from her car after hitting another vehicle. Rachel lost a leg as a result and never texted while driving again.

No Patience at All
I stayed after-school and needed a ride home. I called my mom and she said that she's on her way. After an hour, I decided to walk home. The walk home lasted about 2-3 hours. When I got home, my mom was furious.

Hubert Samples Beer
Hubert had always wanted to try sampling beer. He finally convinced friends to attend a beer tasting with him. At the beer tasting, he sampled ales, stouts, and pilsner beers. It was one of the best days of his life. Hubert decided he wanted to sample beer again as soon as possible.

Remodeling the bathroom
Barry wanted to remodel his bathroom. Barry wanted to give the bathroom a much needed face lift. Barry decided he would change the single sink to a double sink. In addition, Barry would install a state of the art shower as well. After the renovation, Barry was pleased with the remodeled bathroom.

Slap
In high school I played Marion in The Music Man. The male lead was played by my ex boyfriend. One day we had to practice kissing in front of the director. My ex slipped me the tongue! I was embarrassed and slapped him in the face.

Windy River
Todd took his little brother fishing for the weekend. Upon arriving, he set up chairs and a cooler to relax. His brother started nodding off, so Todd let him sleep. After a few minutes, Todd's pole began to spring and wiggle. Todd, yelling with excitement woke his brother up and caught a fish.

Kind Acts
Richard was having a horrible day. He went through the drive thru for lunch. Someone had already paid for his meal! He was very grateful. This small kind act really improved his mood!

Ferdinand Picks Apples
Ferdinand decides that he wants to try picking apples at the orchard. He brings a basket to collect the apples and drives to the orchard. At the orchard he picks many delicious apples. He takes the apples home with him to eat another time. Ferdinand is very happy that he went apple picking.

Decisions
Lori wanted to play a sport and act in a play. Both activities took place at the same time. She was torn between which to choose. Eventually she decided to act in a play. At least then people might watch her.

Screwball
Ronnie was a college pitcher who was struggling on the mound. His pitching coach took him aside at practice one day. He showed him how to throw a screwball. Ronnie practiced the screwball for hours on end. In his next start he struck out 11 of the 15 batters he faced.

Aaron and Max
Aaron has a puppy named Max. He walks Max every day. Max got loose during their walk yesterday. Aaron decided to put up posters. A neighbor saw the poster and returned Max!

Dangerous Jog
Brad was jogging through his busy town. He stopped at an intersection and waited to cross the street. When the crossing signal changed, he began to jog again. But a car sped through the intersection and almost hit Brad. Brad was too scared to jog afterwards.

Gum
My friend was being mean to me. I decided to put some gum in his hair. Alas, he figured out it was me. He slapped me across the face. I decided that he wasn't a true friend so I ditched him.

New shoes
Tina needed shoes for the first day of school. Her mother decided to take her to the store. When they got to the store they tried multiple pairs. Tina ended up liking the first pair. Her mother bought the first pair.

Hitch-Hiker
Glenda picked up a hitchhiker on her way home from work. The Hitch-Hiker tries to persuade Glenda to drive across the country. Glenda contemplates his offer. She thinks of all of the responsibilities at home. Glenda lets the hiker out at the next crossing.

Same Old Song and Dance
I always listen to music in the car on the way to work. One afternoon, I put in a Billy Joel CD on the way to work. The CD player broke while I was driving. It would not let me change the CD. I just listened to Billy Joel on repeat all summer.

iPad Issues
My wife's iPad is supposed to get photos if her iPhone does. That was not happening yesterday. She got on apple chat tech support. They were unable to help her. We finally found out it was our Internet was not working well.

The camp pen pal.
Jordan was about to go home from Summer camp. She had made a close friend and they exchanged addresses. They promised that they would remain in touch. Jordan wrote her a letter as soon as she got home. They remained pen pals for years after.

Park Walking
Lindsay went for a walk around the local duck pond. When she got there, there were children pointing at all the ducks. She decided to share some of the bread she brought to feed the ducks. Handing out bread, the kids began to throw it towards the ducks. The ducks all ran over and enjoyed the bread they were given.

Sunday school
Walter goes to Sunday school every sunday. His teacher said who ever brought a friend would get a gift. Walter wanted a gift. The next sunday he took his friend . They both got a gift.

Learning a new language.
Chanel wanted to take a trip to Paris. She was talking to some experienced travelers. They recommended that she learn the language before going. Chanel agreed and signed up for a class. Within weeks, she was learning French.

A New Car
My car is old and ugly. Children laugh at me when I drive down the street. This makes me sad. I have started saving money for a new car. I will happy when I have my new, beautiful car.

Camping Trip
Bill and Jim wanted to feel more in touch with nature. They decided to take a camping trip. They hiked to the top of a small mountain. They fished and built a fire to cook their catch. They both felt rejuvenated when they returned home.

Michael's Collection
Michael likes to collect rare coins. One day Michael was walking down the street and spotted a coin. He picked it up and rushed home to inspect it. It turned out to be a very rare coin that he didn't have. His collection was becoming very big and he was proud of it.

Night-time Bike Ride
Sarah was bored at night. She decided to get up and ride her bike. She went outside but it was night time. Sarah decided to ride her bike anyway. She went down the local roads at night.

The Haven in the Storm
It was just light flurries when Jen and Mike started to walk home. The storm started to get worse as they walked. The sidewalks became slippery and the winds became stronger. They were both relieved when they saw the house. They were finally home, safe and warm.

Wild Jump
Smith challenged me to a contest. He told me to give him $10 dollars if he can jump off the roof. I accepted the challenged and he went on top of the roof. When he jumped off, he ended up tripping. His back landed on the floor first.

Jay's Trip to Rome
Jay finally got to visit Rome for the first time. He had been learning about the city for years and years. He started by visiting all the ancient Roman buildings still standing. He also made sure to take in as much local cuisine as he could! He came home with lots of pictures and stories to tell.

Hair treatment
Yesterday I noticed my hair was damaged. I needed to repair it. I went to the store to get a mask. I put it on my hair for awhile. When it was done my hair felt amazing.

Mall Shopping
Tiffany worked third shifts. She hardly went anywhere during the day. However, she decided to go to the mall to shop for clothes. Tiffany had forgotten how rude and nasty people could be. Tiffany decided to stick to shopping online from now on.

Ophelia Visits the Library
Ophelia realizes she has never seen the library in her small town. One day she decides to drive down to the local library. She visits the circulation desk, the reference desk, and the basement. After her visit, Ophelia returns home. She feels very satisfied that she finally saw the library.

Listening
Ike was trying to give Jen advice. The advice was good advice to help Jen get a boyfriend. Jen has never had a boyfriend. When Tom came and talked to Jen, she didn't follow Ike's advice. Jen doesn't listen, and will never have a boyfriend.

Brother Pranks
I waited outside my brother's house to pelt him with snow balls. As a special treat, I put some ice into several of them. After this ambush, I ran some errands, eventually going home. When I pulled up to my apartment I knew something was fishy. I walked to my door to find some granny panties hanging on the knob.

Health Care
My uncle couldn't afford health care. He got sick last year. The costs made him go bankrupt. He was still not able to get all the treatment necessary. He passed away poor and desperate.

The Dance
Sarah took ballet. She was a pointe dancer. She was offered a lead in the Nutcracker. She was nervous about her performance. She performed flawlessly.

Polaroid
My friend found an old camera at his house. We played with it all night trying to take pictures. They were instant but none would come out right. We tried messing with all the settings. It turns out the film was too old.

Learning Magic
Mandy wanted to learn how to do magic. Mandy looked online for a qualified magic instructor. After locating a instructor, Mandy decided to visit the studio. Once at the studio, Mandy decided to sign up for classes. Many was delighted at the opportunity to learn magic.

Suspension
Ali was suspended from school. She had been in a fight with a bully. She tried to walk away from the fight multiple times. In the end she had no choice but to defend herself. She was sad she had failed make the principal see her side.

Hair treatment
Kelly had the most unruly curly hair. She wanted it to be smooth. She decided to get a straightening treatment. When she went to get it done, it took forever. When it was done it looked great.

The Thumbtack
Jim thought it would be funny to pull a prank on his teacher. He decided to put a thumbtack on her seat. She sat down and it stuck into her. She screamed and was very upset. He was easily found out and got into a lot of trouble.

Katie Katie!
Katie was going to be late on her first day! She couldn't wait for a cab to get here. She flew off on her bike instead. She pulled up one minute late. Her boss commended her valiant effort!

Good Manners
Wilma was tired of her husband's bad manners. She made him take a shower and stop burping at the table. Her husband started to like his good manners. He went to an etiquette class. Now he drinks tea with his pinky out like a gentleman.

From Sole to Crown
Tom bought a new pair of boots and set them by the back door. Janie walked in, eating a chocolate ice cream cone. Mom yells out, telling Janie not to be eating before dinner. Janie drops the ice cream into one of Tom's new boots. Tom pours the melted ice cream on Janie's head.

my computer mouse
One day, I broke my computer mouse. I couldn't make it work at all! I had to take it to the store to get it fixed. At the store, it was deemed unfixable. Instead, I opted to buy a new mouse.

Surf Day
Vinnie was about to go surfing. He grabbed his surfboard on his way out the door. Then he saw his friend approaching him. He told Vinnie that the beach was closed. Vinnie went back in with his shoulders slumped down.

saggy pants
Will like to sag his pants. He would always get into trouble at work. He was on the verge of getting fired. He bought himself a belt from the store. He didn't get into any trouble, anymore.

The Big Fight
Donald was always into martial arts. He grew up training every other day. He finally got the chance to enter the UFC. He won his fight and was asked to join. He is training hard for his debut.

The Cow
Jim had taken care of the same cow since he was 10. The cow was like his friend and he was sad to find it would be killed In the middle of the night he went to release the cow but got caught. His dad, the farmer, said if the cow means that much we won't kill it. The cow wasn't killed and it lived out its days in peace.

The Tumble
The exciting part of graduation day is seeing who'd fall off stage. When Charles accepted his diploma, he almost fell off the stage! The steps are always too high! But Vicki, she looked and waved as she took her first step down. The depth of the step surprised her and she fell off the stage.

Weary Caffeine
Cal shuffled into his kitchen to make a pot of coffee. He changed the filter and put the new ground coffee in. He turned on the coffee machine and went to use the bathroom. Cal heard a tremendous cracking sound from the kitchen! He'd forgotten to add the water so the carafe had heated up and broke!

Annoying my parents.
When I was little I used to pace around the house. I walk back and forth from one end of the house to the other end. This caused my parents to get very annoyed. They tried many methods to stop me from doing this. All the methods failed and eventually they got use to me pacing.

Dancing
I loved to dance. I was very shy about being seen dancing. My mother persuaded me to go dancing with friends. I had a lot of fun doing so. My friends and I go out dancing almost every week now.

The Movie
Tim and Elaine wanted to go see a movie. They looked at a list of all the movies showing. They couldn't decide which movie to see. Finally, they decided to choose randomly. The movie they chose was very entertaining!

Karma
Jim boxed up all of his Christmas decorations. He brought them to the curb to throw away. While waking he tripped and fell All the decorations fell out and made a mess. Jim felt like he deserved this for throwing away it all.

Hunting
I have never been hunting before. I would not even know where to begin. I would like to go one day. It would be fun to come back with a win. Perhaps I will go next season.

Solar Panels
Martha was sick of paying costly utility bills. She wanted to get solar panels. She had them installed on her house. Her electricity bill became nonexistent. Martha was extremely happy with her purchase.

Going Pro
Jill had always wanted to be a pro boxer. Her amateur record wasn't that good. She decided to take a fight for money anyway. She lost badly. It made her give up on her boxing dream.

The Will
Charles knew his mother liked his sister more than him. He hoped she would still leave both of them her house. When his mother died, she left her house to his sister. Charles wanted to live in the house with his sister. But the will stated not to let Charles in because she hated his dad.

Escape from North Korea
She was only 7 when her mother put her on a raft with her sister. Her mother was desperate to give her daughters a better life. The two girls had a harrowing journey through storms and sharks. They thought they would die but then they saw a ship. The ship was Japanese, and the girls were taken on board and rescued.

Lost Kitten
Beth's kitten got lost when her brother left the door open. Beth put up fliers all around the neighborhood. She spoke to everyone she saw to ask them about her kitten. Finally a neighbor down the street called Beth's number to say he had Beth was ecstatic to see her kitten again.

Babysitting
Andrea was babysitting her four year old niece. She decided to leave the room to get something in the kitchen. When Andrea came back, her niece was drawing on the walls. Andrea scrubbed the wall for an hour while her niece giggled. Her sister never noticed a thing.

Jim Has a Bad Diet
Jim had five dollars. He decided to go buy some snacks. Jim got a candy bar, some nachos, and a drink. He ate them all in three minutes. Jim got very sick.

Chipped nails
I got my nails done yesterday. I went to a fancy salon to get them done. However to my surprise my nails chipped today. I was incredibly disappointed. Next time I will make sure to wear a top coat.

Free Throw
Joe went to the free throw line to take two shots. The game was tied and only one second remained. Joe missed the first shot. Joe cocked back and let this second shot fly. The shot went in and Joe helped his team win the game.

Clean It Off
Gina hated to drive on the snow. And it was snowing hard now. The weather man foretasted the snow would fall all day. There was no sense in delaying her trip. Gina bundled up, and headed out into the white out.

Unplanned Bath
I was throwing the baseball with my son. He threw one past me that landed in the lake. I reached in to get the ball. I lost my balance and fell in. I got the ball and a bath all in one shot!

Family pet
The Hicks family wanted to get a pet. Although they decided on a dog, they wanted a more specific dog. They went to the pound and looked at all the puppies. When they found one they liked, they picked it up and took it home. They all loved their new pet dog.

The spider scare.
Tilda was in her room. Suddenly, she saw a huge furry spider. She went to grab something to catch it. When she came back, it was nowhere to be found. She was freaked out the rest of the night.

Haircut
My wife had a day off. We went to a local barber so I could get a haircut. Then we went to a local coffee shop. My wife posted photos on Facebook. It was a nice day.

Gold
Carl saved up some money from thirty years working in the oil fields. He decided to put his money towards gold bars. The price of gold fell and it seemed like he made the wrong decision. Carl was patient and the price of gold gained in price. Carl now looks like he made a smart decision.

Brad
Brad wanted to go to prom. But he couldn't find anyone to go with him. He despaired, but then had a new idea. He invited his baby sister Liesel. The two siblings went and had a great time!

Tummy Trouble
Kiddo has been feeling a little sick since a long drive in the car. Today he woke me up whining to go outside. While I was watching through the window Kiddo was eating grass. That's usually what he does when he is sick to his stomach. I hope I don't have a mess to clean up later.

Maxine's Bike
Maxine wants to get around her new town faster but hates parking. A good friend recommends she try biking around town. Maxine decides to buy a bike and give it a shot. She finds biking very easy, even though she hasn't biked in Years. Maxine is so happy that she took her friend's advice.

Trapped in the Basement
Lynn and her friends had come back home and crept in a window. They were now in the basement, and her dad was in the kitchen. They would have to pass the kitchen to get to her room. She wasn't sure what the next step was. But she knew the plan had to be brilliant.

Evan's Grandma
Evan's grandma had a heart attack. She had to go to the hospital. Evan brought her flowers and a card. Evan sat and visited with his grandma. His grandma felt a little better after this.

Law School
Carla had grown up wanting to be a lawyer. However, when she reached law school she began to have doubts. After two Year's of school she decided to drop out. Now she has the debt from law school but no degree. Now Carla wishes she had never wanted to be a lawyer.

Summer Love
Taylor was very excited that summer vacation had finally arrived. He couldn't wait to spend long summer days with his best buddies. However, a new girl moved in next door and they became friends. His buddies were steamed, but Taylor was smitten with the young lady. Taylor realized it was going to be a different kind of summer for him.

Running Shoes
Jim loved to go running. His tennis shoes would always fall apart quickly. Jim did some investigating on the internet. He found a pair of durable running shoes. His shoes fit his needs perfectly.

Swim lessons
Alicia did not know how to swim. She wanted to take lessons. When Alicia went to the pool she was scared. She was afraid of the water. Yet her instructor helped.

Rainy Day
Becky was planning to go to the park with her kids on Sunday. When she work up Sunday morning it was dark and rainy. The kids were sad they couldn't go to the park. Becky instead came up with some craft ideas to do indoors. The kids had a great time making crafts with their mom all day.

Braids for Wavy Hair
Jessica has always been bored with her fine, straight hair. It always went flat even after she curled it. She put it in a braid wet one night before bed. Her hair was full and wavy the next morning. Jessica finally had the thicker-looking hair she wanted.

New Concept
I was hungry so I went to the kitchen to make a snack. I put some chicken and cheese on a slice of bread to make a sandwich. There wasn't any more bread in my house so I folded it over. I ate the sandwich much like a hotdog. My new food invention satisfied my hunger.

Sand in Shoes
Amy returned from the beach with sand in her shoes. She stopped on the porch and took her shoes off. She dumped the sand out and put them back on. An hour later her mother called her to the living room. Amy got in trouble because sand had been tracked through the house.

Winner
Greg was running for the title of president of his senior class. Greg and his friends made signs to put up all over the school. Unfortunately, Greg's opponent took down all the posters. He found them all in the trash the next day. As a result, his opponent was removed from the race and Greg won.

Energy
Tom stayed up all night. The next day he had no energy. He needed to get work done. He decided to drink six cups of coffee. He then had energy for the whole day.

My friend Sam
My friend's name is Sam. She is very pretty. She liked to hang out with a lot of people. She started hanging out with my boyfriend. Same and I are no longer friends.

Fair
Dani decided to go to the fair. She walked up to the booth to buy tickets. They only took cash. She didn't have any cash,only a debit card. Dani had to go to the ATM.

vacation
Tom wanted to go on a vacation. He decided to create a vacation savings fund. He worked very hard every day to save money. He added a substantial amount of money to the fund. He eventually took the vacation of his dreams.

Christmas Shopping
Mel had a big list of Christmas presents to buy. She set off for the mall and began to shop. The mall was so busy, she had to push and squeeze! It took her five hours to shop. But when she left, she had every item on her list!

Christmas Gift
I got my brother a gift card for Christmas. The company let me design my card. I put up a photo of ourselves as children. He was very pleased with the photo. It was a good Christmas gift.

Peanut butter Sandwich
I am very particular about my sandwiches. First I toast the bread, which has to be wheat. Then I only put peanut butter on one of the slices. The other slice gets covered in honey. I always enjoy this sandwich with a glass of milk.

School fight.
It was recess and we all had to go outside. There was a bully being mean to everyone. He started picking on me and I had enough. We eventually fought and I was able to hit him in the face. He started crying and he never bullied anyone again that I'm aware of.

Lighting Luminarias
Every year on Christmas Eve local orchestra members set up luminarias. These little brown bags are supposed to light the way for baby Jesus. After Maria helped to put the sand in every bag she handed it to Jose. Jose lit a tiny candle, stuck in town into the sand and moved on. It took them 4 hours to finish but by then they could see the lights.

The Graduation Standup
Charles' family was distant, but he thought they'd watch him walk. He put the word on facebook he was graduating college. Then he made calls to his mother, father and grandparents. After the ceremony, none of Charles' family approached him. His only accolades came from graduates and professors.

Job
Jill wanted to buy a car. Her parents said they would give her half. Jill decided to find a part time job to make up the difference. She started working as a waitress to save up. Jill finally was able to buy a car.

Eddie the Eel Catcher
Eddy loved to catch eels. One day, he caught over 100 eels in an afternoon. He went to the zoo to donate the eels. The zoo accepted and thanked him for the eels. Eddy drove home feeling good about his donation.

The Car Trip.
Lori went on a car trip  with her family. During the ride she felt car sick. Lori started to throw up in the car. Lori's husband stopped the car to give her a plastic bag. Lori tried to throw up inside the plastic bag whenever she felt sick.

The Same Dress
Hannah was so excited for prom. She went shopping and spent hours trying to find her perfect dress. The day of prom, Hannah put on her perfect dress. When she arrived to prom, she saw another girl had the same dress! Hannah was disappointed and wished she had found a different dress.

Apple Pie
Sally made the best apple pies. Her friend, Julia, suggested that the enter a pie contest. The state fair had a pie contest, and coming up the next week. Sally entered her famous apple pie. Sally won the contest.

The Stray Puppy
The Thompson kids found a stray puppy. They took it home to show their mom, Lisa. Lisa helped the kids make Found posters and put them up. They contacted the local dog pound, in case someone contacted them. The puppy's owner was found, appreciative of the Thompsons' aid.

Copy Girl
Jo was happy to get a work study job in an office. There, she mostly made copies with an old Xerox machine. A professor asked Jo to make copies into a textbook for his class. Jo spent a week formatting and copying the pages for 200 books. She proudly opened a book only to see every other page upside down.

The Chair
Matthew had trouble sitting in his chair at school. He would fall out several times each school day. His teacher was afraid he might get hurt. She set up a meeting with Matthew's parents. Matthew's parents agreed to have him evaluated by a pediatrician.

Welding
Bernie wanted to learn to do acetylene welding. He decided to take a class to gain the skill. Bernie enjoyed the class, but just could not get the weld to work. The metal kept falling apart when he melted it. Finally, Bernie's instructor taught him to press the pieces correctly.

Exercise
Sarah had gained weight recently. She decides to get in shape by rowing. Sarah is very diligent and rows more than an hour everyday. Soon, her back hurts so much she can't move. After recovering, Sarah learns to take things more slowly.

mystery laundry
Mike was doing laundry in his apartment building. He put his clothes in the dryer. He came back to the laundry room a few minutes before it finished. When taking out his clothes he noticed a wet shirt in his load. A neighbor apologized for trying to dry one shirt in Mike's load.

Remotes
We originally had two remotes and cable boxes. We turned one box in but they did not take the remote. We switched to a DVR box and they gave us another remote. We found a fourth remote in the building. Now we have one cable box and four remotes!

Josh's Computer Problem
Josh's computer kept getting viruses and he didn't know why. He took it to his friend who was good with computers. His friend said that he needed to get an antivirus program. Josh listened to him and downloaded the best he could find. Now Josh no longer has any problems with viruses.

College Visit
Josh was a senior in high school. He was not sure where he wanted to go to school. He had a top three list. He started making visits. He finally decided on the University of Mississippi.

No Life Direction
After failing at employment and education, Mike felt lost. He called his parents for help who told him to move back in. Mike's parents were very worried and decided to send him to therapy. Mike then began to see a psychiatrist a few times a week. After the therapy, Mike began to feel better in life.

Fish Tank
Tim found a fish tank on the side of the road. He picked it up and brought it home. The next day he went to the pet store to get fish. He bought some fish and food. Tim filled the tank with water and put in his new fish.

Never Forget The Game
The Super Bowl is going to be played on Sunday. I am for the Denver Bronco's but my husband hates football. He just called and said he wants to take me out on Sunday. When I told him that would be fun he assumed I forgot about the game. Won't he be surprised when I choose the sports bar for our date?

Easter Surprise
Bobby woke up with his twin brother Frank on Easter. Frank and Bobby heard their mother tell of an Easter surprise coming. Bobby told Frank that they would go on an Easter egg hunt. Frank said it would be something else and then Mom brought out a box. Out of the box came two ducks who followed Bobby and Frank around!

Fear Returns
Gina's family wasn't staying in Illinois. She was more than pleased to find this out. All she had to do was wait for her parents to drive them back home. But Gina wasn't a patient person. Before long, the fear they were never leaving began to return.

Feeling sick
Charles woke up in his throat felt bad He told his mom and his mom said go lay back down. She came back with a thermometer and took his temperature. She told him that he's not going to school today because you are sick. He gave him some medicine and by the morning he was well again.

Buffet
I went to a buffet last week. I tried not to eat all day so as to take full advantage. When I got there I gorged myself. I ate almost too much. It made me feel sick the rest of the day

The gym
Angela wanted to work out. She decided to go to a gym, but did not want to go alone. She asked her friend Megan to join her at the gym. Megan met Angela at the gym. The girls worked out until they were tired.

Slowly
Gina was at the park and a loose dog was watching her. She decided to slowly back up, and walk home. She watched the dog to make sure he didn't move. She turned around and began walking home. Eventually she turned to see the dog was following not far behind.

Baked Bread
I tried to make bread at home last week. Everything was going fine. When I went to take it out of the oven something was wrong. The bread was flat and mushy. I still have no idea why.

The Scary Car
Tiffany left her house to go for a walk at night. While walking, a car began to slowly follow her. She ignored it, but the car came back and did it again. This time, Tiffany ran away and called the police. The police arrived later and Tiffany went home.

Driving
Callie was afraid to drive. She had never driven by herself. She knew she had to get her license. Her parents put her in Driver's Ed and Callie passed. Callie went to take her driving test and got her license.

The old, slow bicycle
Nick and his friend started their bicycle race down the street. Panting, Nick pedaled as fast as he could. His friend slowly began to pass him. In the end, Nick's friend won the race. Nick blamed his loss on how old his bicycle was.

Egypt the Mouse Trap
Egypt is my strong and fast cat. My neighbor mentioned that she had a mouse in the house. I offered my cat to get the mouse and trap it for her. I took my cat there and let her rip. Within 10 minutes, she had the mouse on her mouth, dead.

Claw Machine
Jack was playing games in the arcade. He put a quarter in the claw machine. He lined the claw up over a giant stuffed pig. The claw dropped down and squeezed the pig. The pig slipped from the claw just as it reached the chute.

Hair elastic broke
Lisa was trying to put her hair up. She had her favorite hair tie. Yet when she put it around her head, it broke. Lisa was mad. She had to buy another one.

Robbery
I could not afford to pay my rent. I decided to rob a store to get the money. I held the store clerk at gunpoint and demanded some cash. The clerk emptied the cash drawer into my bag. I was able to pay my rent but I was arrested shortly thereafter.

Cave Echo's
Dan went spelunking into a cave with some friends. The cave lead into a series of tunnels, and some were very large. One of the caves produced a very funny and deep echo. The group sent a few minutes playing with this before leaving. Upon getting out of the cave, Dan told everyone he had a great time.

Road Trip
My parents decided to take my brother and I on a road trip. We traveled all the way to California. By the end, the trip to California took three whole days! We saw so many cool views along the way! After staying in California for a little, it was time to go home.

going to the store
I needed to get some groceries. My wife wanted me to take one of the autistic children with me. He got to walk around the store like a big boy. He pushed the cart from check out to the car. He had a lot of fun on that trip.

Cracked Phone Screen
Janny was walking across the street. Someone was calling her since her phone rang. She tried to take it out of her pocket. It slipped and landed on the ground. When Janny picked it up, the screen was cracked.

Growing up
I was finally eighteen. My parents forced me to move out of their house. I didn't have a job. I tried to look for a job but my luck was down. I ended up homeless.

Chicken Nuggets
Lily decided to make chicken nuggets, since they were her favorite. She cut the chicken and breaded it. She put the chicken nuggets in hot oil to fry them. When they were done, she let them cool. Then she ate the delicious chicken.

Brett's cat
Brett is very lonely. He decides to go to the animal shelter. He meets a cat that he immediately falls in love with. He brings the cat home and spoils him with yarn and cheese. The cat loves Brett and he's no longer lonely.

Ezra Records a Song
Ezra had always wanted to record himself singing at a studio. Finally he met a friend who could give him a discounted studio rate. He practiced singing for weeks until he felt great about his song. Ezra sang his song very well in the studio. He felt very proud that he finally had a professional recording.

Serendipitous Crab
All Angie wanted was crab legs on her Florida vacation. Unfortunately, she didn't catch enough to keep. On the way home, Angie got a flat tire near an All You Can Eat buffet. They had a sign advertising crab! Angie ate 3 pounds of crab while she was waiting for the AAA man.

A Boring Evening
My husband got called into work on the Sunday after Thanksgiving. To pass the time, I decided to clean, but I accidentally took a nap. When I woke up, the sun had already gone down. I wound up watching Netflix and browsing shows. I found a new show to watch called Between and now I have a new show!

Oven Bake Clay
Mel sculpted a turtle with over bake clay. She put her creation on a tray and put it in the oven. She got distracted with work. Mel heard a loud bang a few hours later. Mel's turtle had catastrophically failed in the oven.

Building a fence
My yard was looking kind of empty. I decided to put up a nice fence around the yard. I bought the supplies and some tools. I worked on the fence for a weekend. When I was done, I had a nice looking fence.

Swimming Lessons
Maria went to her first swimming lesson. She got to the pool and met her instructor. Maria then put on a life jacket since she did not know how to swim. Her instructor worked on Maria using her arms and legs to swim. Maria finished her lesson and couldn't wait for the next one.

Jean goes to Namibia
Jean wanted to travel to Africa. She saved up her money for a plane ticket. Jean bought clothing appropriate for the weather in Namibia. She travelled on a plane and stayed for one week. Jean's trip to Africa was better than she had hoped.

Bar Rules
Kim was at the bar over the weekend. Someone next to her started smoking. She asked them to put it out. They refused. She alerted the staff and they forced him to.

Tony's Timer
Tony loved to run laps around the track. He would always time himself with his lucky timer. One day, Tony was running and lost his lucky timer! Tony was devastated and thought that he would never run laps again! right before Tony left, he saw his lucky timer on the finish line!

Hard Work Pays Off
Sarah really wanted to go to graduate school for her PhD in biology. Unfortunately, Sarah lacked the research experience necessary. Sarah got a job as a research technician. She worked very hard for two years. After that, she was accepted to a top PhD program.

Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
I got a Chitty Chitty Bang Bang book for my 7th birthday. I was so excited about the book, I took it to school. We had to line up outside in the mornings, to enter the school. While in line, the "big kid" class monitor yelled at me for talking. I started crying, but luckily I had my book and it hid my tears!

The Climb
Cindy was afraid of heights. Her friends wanted to go mountain climbing. Instead of staying on the ground, she decided to face of her fears. Cindy decided to climb an indoor mountain. She did fine and was able to go with her friends.

The Break Up
Jake and Cindy decided to break up. It was on okay terms but they still lived together. They decided to wait until the lease was over. Unfortunately it was too uncomfortable. She wound up moving out far earlier.

Sally at the Store
Sally went to the drugstore with her mother. While her mother went to get a prescription, Sally eyed a teddy bear. She pulled on her mother's arm and pointed to it. Mother told her to wait a minute and paid for her prescription. Afterward, her mother bought Sally the stuffed bear and they left.

Not Good News
My family went to go visit my grandmother during the holidays. My sister and I went to go check on her in her bedroom. My grandmother was on the ground unconscious. She was then rushed to the hospital. We later figured out that she had cancer.

Rude Awakening
I was riding the bus to visit family across the country. A man a few years older than me asked to sit next to me. The man didn't say anything and eventually fell asleep. Despite my best effort I fell asleep after a while. When I awoke the man was gone leaving only a nasty scratch on my hand.

Mustard Stain
I put on my favorite white shirt to wear to the mall with friends. We all wanted to eat burgers from the food court. I like to eat my burgers with a lot of mustard. When I took a bite of my burger, mustard fell out on my shirt. My favorite shirt was ruined by a big mustard stain.

Precious Things
Maddie had been ill with cancer. Her grandchild was predicted to arrive any day now. She wanted more than anything in the world to see it. She suffered through another round of therapy. Through sheer force of will Maddie survived to meet her granddaughter.

Flipping the Bird
Kevin pulled up to a red light. As the light turned green, he didn't move it. The couple behind him honked at him. He waved and took his time leaving. The couple quickly passed him and flipped him the bird.

Can't Sleep
Sarah needed to go to sleep for school tomorrow. She couldn't sleep so she stayed on her computer. She wound up playing a game and watching videos online. When she looked at the clock, she saw that it was almost four. She sighed before heading to her bed in an attempt to sleep.

The old contacts.
Susan had a problem with her contacts. She always forgot to take the pair out. The pair she was currently wearing had been on for a week. When she tried to take it off, it seemed warped and weird. She finally threw the pair out and replaced them.

Don't Walk Alone at Night
Liz liked to walk alone late at night. One particularly dark night, she found herself far from home. Liz heard footsteps running up behind her. She didn't see anyone when she turned around. Liz ran all the way back home.

Mean Momma Cat
We went to visit my Uncle Albert's farm in rural Maine. My brothers and sisters went to play on the rope swing in the barn. They said I was to little to swing and to go back to Momma. I climbed under the porch to listen to Momma and Uncle talk. A feral momma cat with kittens attacked me and scratched my face.

Breakfast Out
Today is Sunday and I have the day off from work. I slept late and enjoyed every minute of it. My daughter and I like to go out for breakfast when I'm off work. She always wants to go to McDonalds when we go out. Today McDonald's sounds good to me so that's where we are headed.

The Coin Flip
Mark and Jaden wanted to go to the movies. Mark wanted to see an action movie while Jaden wanted to see a comedy. They could not decide which movie to see. They flipped a coin to decide. Jaden won the coin flip and they went to see a comedy.

Glasses
One day in 1973 my glasses fell into a sewer. I was jumping over a sidewalk and the glasses fell through the grate. I tried to get them but could not see without my glasses. My mom fished them out with a hook. I was amazed.

Mind Tricks
Last night I couldn't fall asleep. I stayed awake in my bed. Everywhere I looked I kept seeing shadows moving around. They would move like wind and anger. Eventually I closed my eyes and pretended it was ok.

Umbrella
Jack needed to go shopping. A sudden thunderstorm started. He ran from his car to the store doors. He ended up soaking wet. Now he keeps an umbrella in his car.

Dog Nap
I wanted to take a nap on my bed. I went downstairs and saw my dog sleeping in my bed. I felt bad to move him, so i slept on the floor. Then, when I was laying down, i felt something was wet on my face! I woke up to see my dog licking my face and wanting to play.

Toy Town
My friend Joe and I went down to toy town. We hadn't been there since the drought of twenty fifteen. They'd put up some new displays and spruced the place up. Joe found a cute stuffed penguin to buy his daughter. All I got was a stubbed toe from a brick left carelessly about.

Play
Stephen went to Time square He was about to watch a broadway play. He had to wait a long line. He went in to see Phantom of the Opera. He was amazed the entire time.

Hot Air Balloon Ride Fun
Kelsi was nervous to go on her first hot air balloon ride. She got some friends together and they went on the balloon. The balloon inched higher in the air and Kelsi tensed up. The view was amazing from high in the air. Kelsi was happy she went on the ride after all.

Anna's job.
Anna had a good job, but it had some drawbacks. She had to travel a lot in her position. She was becoming very tired of all the traveling. She asked her boss for a different position in the company. He was able to give her one that required less traveling.

beach trip mishaps
Carl set out for a trip to the beach. his bus was delayed and then broke down. Carl waited in a downpour for the replacement bus and got drenched. the bus finally dropped Car off at the beach. he was so tired he took a nap and missed the bus home.

tuna fish
Ivy was fishing with her dad one day. She caught a strange fish. It looked inedible, so she was about to throw it back. Then her dad stopped her quickly. He told Ivy the fish was a delicious tuna!

New bike
Laura was used to riding the bike with training wheels on. However her mother said she could take them off finally. Laura's parents got her a brand new bike without training wheels. Laura immediately went on it. However to her dismay she fell and skinned her knee.

The BlackJack Player
Tom and his friends wanted to go to Las Vegas and play blackjack. After much planning he and his friends found a good hotel. Tom and his friends arrived at the hotel and found the casino. He sat down at a blackjack and bet $3000 on one hand, which was 21. After turning his $3000 into $12000, Tom paid for his friends' trip.

The Mummy
Ronda looked forward to the field trip at the science museum. She was too excited to hear the teacher caution them to stay together. When they got to the mummy exhibit, Rhonda was mesmerized. She didn't notice the rest of the class moving on. Rhonda was suddenly afraid, all alone with the ancient mummy.

Foul Shots
Steve decided he needed to become a better foul shot shooter. He set a goal to make 100 foul shots a day. Steve woke up early each morning to practice. He didn't leave the hoop until he made 100 foul shots. Steve ended each practice session feeling proud of himself.

The Bad Cookie
Daphne was offered a cookie at her best friend's house. Because it looked delicious and she was hungry, she accepted. When she put it in her mouth, she instantly regretted her decision. She hadn't realized the cookie contained almonds, which she hated! Daphne, choking down the cookie, pretended to like it anyway.

The Farm
The cows wore bells that tinkled as they moved. Joe was not used to this as he came from the city. One day he decided to throw all the bells out. Twenty minutes after he did this the farmer ran out screaming. Joe was told to leave and never return.

Class Hugger
Jayna loved to give people hugs. She watched as every student filed into class. One by one she went around the room and gave each a hug. Her hugs caused every student to smile. Jayna was able to make all the kids feel special with her hugs.

cold
Dave was outside in the winter. He ended up getting a cold. He still had to go to work though. He went to work and got everyone else sick too. Everyone was miserable.

Here Kitty
Little Joey was walking in the neighborhood. Spotting a cute little kitten he wondered how he could get it home. He found a shoelace and tied it to the kitten. He walked the kitten home. He took the lace off and told his mother it followed him.

Boyfriends
Gina wanted a boyfriend more than anything. She went on a few blind dates that her friends set up. None of the men she met seemed to be interested in her though. She decided to try out online dating instead. Online dating has not been much more successful and she is still alone

Grandpa's 80th Birthday
When I was 7 Year's old, my grandpa turned 80. He had a stroke many Years before and couldn't walk or talk. I drew a picture of him in a wheelchair. Above his head was a speech bubble that had him talking gibberish. When I gave him the picture he laughed so hard that he teared up.

Joyride
Joe wanted to learn how to drive. So he used his parents car to drive around his neighborhood. He accidentally hit a parked car. And his parents had to pay a fine. Joe was too scared to drive again.

New Friends
John and Lacey were long distance friends. Even though they lived far away from each other, they always talked. One day, John decided to visit Lacey and bought a plane ticket. When he saw Lacey she was uneasy about his visit. They went out for tea and started to build a friendship in real life.

A Dolphin in Trouble
Allen and Maria decided to visit the beach. At the beach, they saw a small crowd of people around something. Allen and Maria moved closer and saw a dolphin was lying on shore. The small crowd discussed what to do about the dolphin. Allen and Maria helped by nudging the dolphin toward the water.

Eric's Walk
Eric walked to Tina's party. Tina's party is near a fire-station. On Eric's walk to the party, a fire-truck left the station. Eric watched the fire-truck drive toward the location of Tina's party. Eric became very worried that Tina's party was on fire.

The forgotten antibiotics.
Tessa had been diagnosed with strep throat. She was supposed to take all of her antibiotics. She did at first, but forgot the last few. Because of that, her strep throat ended up coming back. She had to get a whole new set of pills.

Game Night
My family and I were playing Monopoly. Harry was about to run out of money. He asked his mother to borrow a thousand dollars. She told him she would charge him interest. Harry didn't want to play anymore.

Missile Coming
My friends were shooting paper balls with rubber bands. They accidentally hit my teacher in the face. I tried helping her get up. Once she felt a little better, she suspended my friends. They didn't come to school for a whole week.

Josh's Day With Dad
Josh woke up early on Saturday, excited to go to the lake. Dad was picking him up at 8 AM so they could spend the day together. At 8:30 Josh began to worry because Dad had still not arrived. Mom tried to comfort him and made excuses for his Dad, again. Josh pretended like he didn't care, but he cried himself to sleep.

Bad Donuts
When Bill is in college he loves Dunkin' Donuts. They always have coupons. He can get a dozen Boston Creme donuts for almost nothing. But one day he gets a bad batch that makes him violently sick. Bill never returns to Dunkin' Donuts again.

The Wedding Shower
Sarah's friend Shana was getting married. Sarah decided to throw her a bridal shower at work. She let all her coworkers know. They walked Shana to the break room during lunch. Shana was completely surprised.

Splash mountain drop
When I was on the splash mountain ride it was scary. As we started to incline, I got nervous. Finally we dropped. I screamed and was frightened. When we dropped we got all wet.

Laundry Day
Ken needed to do laundry because all his clothes were dirty. He went to the laundromat and no one was there. Ken decided to get naked and wash the clothes he was wearing. He ran out of money by the time he needed to use the driers. Ken strutted to his car for more quarters and a man whistled at him.

The long walk
Chad had quite a stressful day at work. Chad decided that he would go on a walk to ease some stress. Along the way, it began to rain  really hard. Unfortunately, Chad got extremely wet while walking. Chad was even more stressed on the walk than he was before.

A Long Day
Me and a friend met up at a fishing hole. We were hoping to catch a couple trout. All of a sudden it started raining out. We took shelter underneath a tree. We had to seek shelter for a couple hours until the storm passed.

First Moment
My first speech assignment is due tomorrow. My partners met up at our school's library. After we figured out who would go first, we started to work. I went after the first presenter. My speech went surprisingly well.

Trouble at Disney
I was excited to go to the Disney park with my cousins. As we walked in the park we walked to the ticket booth. As I hand over my ticket, the error sign came up. I was upset because it was not working. Thankfully an attendant came over and fixed it.

The Mix
Jessica took all the change out of her pockets. She then put the change into a big jar. She took the jar to the bank to make a deposit. The teller took the change from her and counted it. The whole jar was worth over $50.

Pictures
Amy's mom had a Polaroid camera. Her mom took pictures at her aunt's graduation. Amy asked if she could take pictures. Her mother told her she was too young. She felt left out and began to cry.

Trash Truck Memories
Erin drives the big green trash collection truck on Tuesdays. Some people think it is unusual for a woman to drive a trash truck. Erin thinks it's unusual too. However, she has loved driving the truck ever since her husband died. Every time she gets in it she is reminded of how much he loved her.

Hinduism
Bob was a Christian. He decided to travel to India for vacation. In Varanasi, he discovered hinduism. The philosophy and teachings of hinduism appealed to him. Bob decided to convert to hinduism.

Riding a Bike
Jim wanted to teach his son Mike how to ride a bike. Mike was hesitant at first since he had tried before and failed. Jim encouraged his son to keep at it and promised it would come. Mike was eventually able to keep the bike upright and stay on. He enjoys riding his bike now everyday after school.

Golden Penny Found and Lost
My coworker once gave me a shiny gold looking penny. I thanked him and put it in my wallet. After work I went to the bar and had a couple beers. When leaving the bar I looked for the coin in my wallet. I lost it.

Halloween
Damian was excited for halloween. He was going to dress up as the grim reaper and get candy. He then got a call from his friend saying that he can't go. Damian was disappointed and decided not to go too. It's not fun being alone.

Just in case
Mitch spent his morning cleaning out his car. He made a pile of things on the ground that he felt was junk. Once his car was empty he began to put in some new things. He put in a first aid kit and a map of the area. Mitch felt that his car was prepared for almost any problem.

Tim's Cot Problem
Tim got new furniture for his house. He needed to get rid of the old furniture first. He asked his friends if they wanted his old cot. No one wanted his dirty old cot in their house either. Tim put it on the curb and waited for a taker.

The Fire Pit
I installed a fire pit in my backyard. I decided to use it one night. I accidentally let some coals fall out. They ignited the grass in my yard! I had to call 911 and the firefighters scolded me.

Marriage
I wanted to get married but the law said I couldn't. I pay taxes and obey the laws of the land. I protested and stopped paying taxes. The law now allows me to get married. I changed my mind about marriage.

New song
Kelly decided to release a new song. When she released it, everyone loved it. Kelly learned how supportive people were. She decided to release more. Kelly was thrilled.

Swimsuit Competition
Sarah won a pageant preliminary. She now has four months to get ready for state competition. She has hired a personal trainer. Sarah is in the gym every day. Her trainer is determined that she will win swimsuit.

Viva Las Vegas
The year that Eric turned forty, his wife planned something special. For months, she set money aside to surprise him with a vacation. A few weeks before his birthday, she booked a trip to Las Vegas. On his birthday, Eric's wife revealed the trip to him. A few weeks later, they took off for Las Vegas and had a blast!

the lesson
Adrian never studied in school but still did well. He was on the honor roll through high school. Adrian went to college and was in for a surprise. He had to learn to study. Adrian dropped out of college.

Washing the dishes.
Sam was washing the dishes. He started with all of the cups. Then, he put all of the bowls and plates in. Finally, he put the silverware in the basket. Then, he turned on the dishwasher.

Glasses
Mary had to get glasses. She was supposed to wear them all the time. She hated wearing her glasses. She wasn't wearing them when she rode her bike into her Dad's car. When her dad found out she was grounded for a month.

the bus
The bus always came by Drake's house around six thirty in the morning. He knew it was time to wake up when he heard the bus come to a stop. Drake would get up and be ready by the time the next bus came. Drake and his family moved one day. Drake knew he would now need an alarm clock.

The Garden
Edna started a garden in her backyard. Once the seeds started sprouting, she couldn't wait to harvest. However, something was eating her beans and tomatoes! She couldn't tell what it was until she watched for a long time. Edna discovered that lizards were eating her plants!

The blind date.
When Kathy was a teen, her friends set her up on a blind date. She was really reluctant and not into the guy at all. To her surprise, they began to hit it off and grow close. Within a year, they were serious and talking about marriage. She finally admitted that she was wrong about blind dates.

Back to Back
Eliza had a baby 6 weeks ago. She went into to her doctor for a postpartum exam. Eliza had to leave a urine sample before her appointment. When the doctor came in the room they had big news for her. Eliza was pregnant again!

When Her Mother Wasn't Home
Linda wanted to move out her mom's house. Linda wanted to move because she had a boyfriend. When her mother left, Linda's boyfriend came inside. The other day, Linda's mom left for work and Linda's man came in. Linda's mom doubled back and found Linda kissing her boyfriend.

Sweaty Palms
Eli saw a cute boy at the coffee shop every day. He never could get up the nerve to talk to him. One day the cute boy came over to talk to Eli. Eli's palms started to sweat and he became really nervous. The boy asked if he could take one of the chairs at Eli's table.

Katie
Katie loved parties. She wished she could go to a party soon! But none of her friends were interested. Then Katie had a better idea. She threw her own party and invited everybody!

The New Friend
Jason starts to feel lonely. He decides to go to a bar. At the bar, Jason sees a man next to him. Jason starts talking to the man. The man and Jason become friends.

Joe forgets about his test
Joe went to class on Friday in a very good mood. He could not wait for school to be over so he could go to the mall. When he got into class, he saw everyone studying very hard. He asked his friend why everyone was studying. It turned out that Joe had forgotten about his test.

Concert
Jon loved a Japanese band. Alas, he lived in America so he couldn't see the band live. Jon decided to save up money to go to Japan. Eventually, he was able to book a ticket to Japan. He finally attended the band's concert!

Train Ride
This year Bobby and his sister were riding a train! Their parents had arranged a ride in the mountains. They were only on the train a short time before it started go up. The mountain was so steep it seemed like it wouldn't make it. But it chugged along, making it all the way to the top.

Prom Night
Everyone waited outside for the Bus to take them to the hotel. When we arrived, there were several people who helped us get around. They showed us the dancing hall as well as the food isle. I ran to the food aisle to eat a quick snack. Afterwards, I danced, until my feet was sore, at the party.

Lary's Leg
Larry loved to play football. Lary would often get tackled hard but was never injured. One year, Larry's team made it to the finals! Lary ran in for a deep pass but got tackled hard! Lary fell with a broken leg and was taken to the hospital immediately!

Camera
A man robbed Josh's house. Josh decided to put cameras in his house. Later, the man tried to rob Josh's house again. Josh caught the man on camera. The man was arrested by the police!

The roller coaster
Tom always loved riding roller coasters. He hadn't ridden one since he was a kid. He bought tickets to a park and stood in line to ride one. During the ride he grew very ill. Afterwards he threw up and swore them off forever.

Do It Yourself
Megan's car turned off halfway through the road. She got out of her to take a look at the engine. Although she didn't know what to do, she began to move a few things. Afterwards, Megan tried to start the car again. The car started for a few seconds but decided to shut down again.

Pleasure at the Park
Paris loved the park. She begged her Mom to take her everyday. When the weather was nice her Mom drove her to the park. She played on the equipment for hours. She greatly enjoyed her day.

The Lost Leash
Janie wanted to take her dog for a walk. She couldn't remember where she left the dog's leash though. She spent almost an hour searching her apartment. In the end, she found the leash near the front door. Despite being frustrated she still took her dog out for the walk.

Furniture
John was going to graduate school. He had to move into an apartment. However, John did not have much money for furniture. He decided to go to Goodwill. He was able to furnish his place for $100 dollars there.

Stay In The Yard
Gina and her siblings were caught playing in the alley. Their mother insisted they stay in the gate. They couldn't leave their gate for a week. The kids were bored since no one else would play with them. The kids learned their lesson about playing in the alley.

Getting into Shape
I weighed 214 lbs when I was 15 and had a high body fat percentage. I got into a weightlifting class at school for an easy A. Little did I know that I would love to lift weights. I spent that year working out and the summer dieting too. I dropped down to a muscular 186 lbs.

Candy making
Tina wanted to make some lollipops. She hit some dyes, sticks and candy syrup ready. When she mixed everything, she put sticks in them. She then laid it to cool. Afterwards she tasted it and it tasted good.

The Mirror
I needed a new mirror for the vanity in my room. My friend was moving and said I could have their old one. I just had to go and pick it up. I went and got it and was excited to check it out. Unfortunately on the way into my house I dropped it and it shattered.

Jacob Cures His Depression
Jacob was feeling depressed lately. His doctor recommended that he get more exercise. Jacob started running and eating healthier. He eventually was able to overcome his depression. Jacob learned to be happier by keeping himself busy.

table
Molly has a daycare in her home and has 8 small children every day. She feeds the kids three times a day and puts them at her large table. The kids get her chairs dirty with food and milk on them. She bought a plastic kid's picnic table that seats eight. Now when the table gets dirty, she can easily clean it off.

The Librarian
The librarian had a large cart of books to put away. She brought the books back into the stacks. While she was there, a student asked her for help. She looked all over the library for the book he wanted. After a long search, she found the book on her cart.

Being Kind
The elder was walking around the store. After he picked up several groceries, he dropped them. I heard a large thud and decided to walk to the man. I helped him pick up everything. He thanked me afterwards.

Coins
As a kid, Gary collected tons of coins. As an adult, Gary decided to take his collection to a coin expert. He asked the expert to give him an appraisal of his collection. Gary learned that one of his coins was worth half a million dollars! Gary sold his collection and moved to the Caribbean.

Broken Ankle
John loved running cross country. John also enjoyed fighting karate on the weekends. During a karate session John broke his ankle. He wasn't able to run or fight for months. John was so upset that he couldn't enjoy either hobby.

Cookie Surprise
Sheila's snooty neighbor invited her over for tea. Sheila knew she had to bring something. She found mealworms in the flour as she began making cookies. Sheila went ahead and baked the cookies anyway. She smiled as she handed the plate of cookies to her neighbor.

The vacation
The Zimmy family want to go on a vacation. They all sit down and talk about it. Everyone has agreed the vacation should be in Italy. They fly to Italy that weekend. The Zimmy family spent one week vacationing in Italy.

New Gift
Tom bought a gift card to a fancy restaurant. He called his girlfriend and offered to take her out tonight. Since she had plans, she refused to go. Tom became extremely frustrated. When a stranger walked past him, Benny gave him the ticket.

The Trip
Sarah didn't know what she should do after college. Feeling lost, she joined a charity organization. She got to travel to Africa to educate young children. Sarah realized teaching was her calling. Upon returning, she decided to become an elementary school teacher.

Science Fair Project
Maddie's science fair was coming up today. To prepare for the fair, Maddie completed the project and got it ready At the fair, Maddie set up her project and greeting teachers. Everyone seemed fascinated by Maddie's project. To her delight, Maddie received a solid A grade.

New piercing
Kelly wanted to get her belly button pierced. She went to the parlor but then was nervous. They put the earring in and Kelly screamed. The pain was terrible. Thankfully it was quick.

Joel Sings Karaoke
Joel never felt comfortable singing in front of crowds. However, one day his coworkers decided to go to karaoke together. Joel told everyone that he wouldn't sing. However, one coworker convinced him to sing one song. Joel felt great finally singing in front of a crowd.

Winning the crane game.
Samantha was at a pizza party. She and some other kids were checking out a crane game. She decided to give it a try. Somehow, she managed to win. She got a pink gorilla toy and gave it to her little brother.

Ice Skating
I had never been ice skating before. Today I had decided to give it a try. I fell a few times and decided to get back up. Someone came along and took my hand. I continued to skate the rest of the night.

The Ice Cream Stand
Joe was feeling nostalgic so he took a walk to his childhood home. Along the way he came across an ice cream stand. When he was a kid he used to always go there to cool down. He had forgotten about it, but now the memories came flooding back. An ice cream cone was the perfect way to sate his nostalgia.

Celia
Celia wasn't sure if she could muster the courage to leave. She couldn't take the abuse any longer and her mind was made up. She called her friend and waited for the car to arrive. Her bags packed with only the essentials, she left. Celia never looked back and never went back.

Doll Show
In 2005 my wife wanted to go to a doll show. It was in Whitman, 20 miles away from Boston. I drove her there and waited in the eating area. A stranger said I was a good husband. My wife was pleased to go to the store.

Frida's New Favorite Food
Frida went to a sushi restaurant with her family. She did not want to go because she didn't like fish. Her dad encouraged her to try some. Frida wrinkled her nose, but she took a bite. When she tasted it, she realized she loved sushi!

Lent
Katie had decided to give up eating meat for Lent. But two days in, she feared she couldn't keep her vow. Then her vegan friend made her veggie burgers with soy milk and salad. He showed Katie all kinds of meat-free foods she could still eat. They were so yummy, she kept eating them even after Lent!

Gifts
Ann wanted to get her dad the perfect birthday present. He loved reading, but he had lots of books already. She wasn't sure what book he would like to read next. She thought and thought, and finally she had a great idea. On his birthday, she presented him with a library card!

Learning German
Bosch wanted to learn German. He enrolled in a class but he was unsuccessful. Bosh decided to move to Germany to immerse himself. In Germany, Bosch practiced with the locals. Eventually, Bosh became fluent in German.

Pregnancy Scare
Diana order a set of pregnancy tests. Since she was impatient, she immediately performed one test. After several hours, her boyfriend got together with her. They read the results. She was in tears since the results were positive.

Miniature Table
Rose really wanted a new dining room set. She found a beautiful set on ebay for only $125, shipping included. She quickly ordered it at the buy now price, not wanting to miss out. Three days later a small box arrived. The dining room set was for a doll house!

Amusement Park
I went to the amusement park with my friend today. I told him i would not get on the roller coasters. After some convincing i agreed to ride one. Although i was scared before it started, it was actually really fun. Now i can't wait to go back and ride them all.

Carp
We used to live by a pond. My friend Gary claimed the pond had big carp. He tried to catch one, without success. One year they drained the pond and found a lot of carp. My friend said he knew that would be the case.

Sunrise
Aura wanted to see the sunrise. She went to bed early. She also set two alarms for surety. She rose at six in the morning. Aura got to see her first sunrise!

Joaquin Pets a Goat
Joaquin had always been afraid of farm animals. His friends and family teased him of this irrational fear. Finally Joaquin decided to visit an actual farm to face his fears. Joaquin decided to pet a goat at the farm. He was very proud that he had overcome his fear of farm animals.

Fourth of July
Lucy awoke and jumped out of bed. It was Independence Day and she was excited. She ran and asked her grandma if they could go see fireworks. Grandma reminded her that wouldn't be for hours. Lucy decided to play to pass the time.

Cookie Making
Sally is going to make cookies with her family. Sally's family decided to make sugar cookies. Sally plans to leave the cookie out on Christmas eve for Santa. Sally left the cookie out for Santa and went to sleep. The next morning Santa had eaten the whole thing!

Tea Party Surprise
Bonnie spent hours setting up for her tea party. She put her stuffed animals at the table. She put a tray of cookies down then went to make the tea. When she got back all the cookies were gone. She saw her brother through the window stuffing cookies in his mouth.

Squirrel
One day, I heard a noise in my room. There was a squirrel in the walls! We put a trap in the attic with food and water and a bed. He finally went inside the little cage. When we brought him outside, the other squirrels started to chatter.

Horse
Nathan was so excited to get horseback riding lessons. Nathan and his dad drove to the ranch to get started. The horses were beautiful, and very cooperative during the lessons. Nathan learned very quickly. Nathan had a wonderful time learning how to ride a horse.

The Turn-down.
Andrew was ready to settle down and get married. But the location where he was to settle down was the problem. His advertising firm wanted him to relocate to New York City. He proposed to his girlfriend and promised her a home in New York. But she turned him down, the New York lifestyle was too fast or her.

Running
Sam wasn't ever what you would call fit. He had a dream though, he wanted to run a marathon. He tried very hard for many long, tough months to get ready. The day of the race arrived. Sam struggled, but ultimately was able to finish the entire race.

Family Vacation
Alice and her family were going to Disneyland. When the family arrived, they entered the park. After entering the park, everyone had to take shelter. A bad storm was about to hit the park. Afterwards, Alice and her family enjoyed the rides.

A new hat
George decided that he needed a new hat. George decided to go to the mall to find one. He went into many different stores and tried on many hats. George finally found one that he liked and bought it. George was happy to have a new hat.

Roller Coaster Phobia
Frankie was terrified of roller coasters. We went to an amusement park one day. I begged Frankie to go on a roller coaster with me. He gave in. Now, he loves them more than I do!

A surprise visitor
Grace was at home alone on a friday night when she heard her doorbell. She answered the door. Her friend Tom had come to visit her as as surprise. Shannon invited him in offering him a drink. Tom and Shannon watched a movie together.

Jelly Fish Scare
Kallie loves to go swimming in the Ocean. One day she spotted a bunch of Jellyfish while swimming. She stayed very still. The Jelly Fish eventually moved away from her. She was very relieved and stress free afterwards.

The Tooth Fairy
Julie was very excited when she lost her first tooth. Her parents told her to put it under the pillow. Julie hoped the tooth fairy would visit. When she woke up in the morning, she felt under her pillow. The tooth was gone and there was a dollar in its place!

Mom's Present
Becky needs to get her mom a present for her birthday. She decides to buy her mom some jewelry from the jewelry store. Becky buys her mom a necklace with a diamond heart on it. Becky gives the necklace to her mom. Her mom is very happy.

Chipotle Goodness
Robert and his friends wanted to take a trip to Chipotle. By the time the boys got there, the line was out the door. About 20 minutes later, the boys were able to order their food. When Robert paid for his phone, he found a nice place to sit. Robert took  some bites of his nachos and smiled in delight.

Steve Eats Noodles
Steve had always wondered what Chinese noodles tasted like. One day he asked his friend to bring him to a Chinese restaurant. Steve tasted thin and thick noodles at the restaurant. He loved their taste and consistency. He went home feeling satisfied that he finally tried Chinese noodles.

Heartbreak
Daniel was walking around a plaza. He noticed someone familiar across the food court. He tried to get closer by walking towards her. He realized that it was his girlfriend, making out with a guy. The girlfriend told him that there's a good reason behind her actions.

The Shy Student
Steve was a very shy second grader. He never raised his hand nor shouted out to give an answer. But he almost always had an answer. His nice teacher encouraged him to raise his hand the next day. Although he was nervous, a brave Steve finally spoke in class!

Costly Mistake
Beth was late coming home to take her dog out. So he defecated on the floor. Ten minutes later her iRobot did it's daily 90 minute sweep. When Beth came home there was dog feces everywhere. She had to hire a professional service to clean it.

Meeting the parents.
Tawny was out with her boyfriend. Her parents called asking if she wanted to bring him over for dinner. He was nervous but agreed to go. They all met a few minutes later. Luckily, it went very well.

Mont Blanc
Sally wanted to climb Mont Blanc. She had tried before, but never reached the top. She set out with a group of climbers. They woke up before dawn and climbed all day. Sally finally reached the summit.

Birthplace
I decided to return to the birthplace of my ancestors. I bought a plane ticket to El Salvador. I got on the plane and waited until we arrived. I found it was a complex and beautiful country. I returned home satisfied.

Pie
Mary made a pie for her family and one for the neighbors. After the pies were done, she put them in the window sill. After they cooled she brought them but notice one had bites in it. She looked around and couldn't find who ate it. Then she noticed the cat licking his paws and she laughed.

Six Flags
Rona wanted to go to six flags. She called up friends to do with her. They all pitched in money and rented a car. They arrived to six flags in style. They had the best day ever there.

Super cake
Ben had his 5th birthday coming up. To honor it, his mom made a 5 layer cake. The cake was so big he couldn't get his mouth around it. He made a big mess of himself as he ate. Afterwards his mom had to thoroughly clean his face.

Beginner Band
Rissa chose Beginner Band when entering the 6th grade. She really wanted to play the clarinet. The instrument they could get the best sound from was assigned to all. Rissa was so disappointed when the Director assigned her the flute. As Rissa practiced her flute, her disappointment soon changed to joy.

Awkward Moments
Charles worked hard at his internship. During his last days at his internship, he tried not to make mistakes. For the final project he had to take a picture working with his boss. His boss stood in front of him and looked down. Charles looked up and smiled but their lips almost touched.

The skateboard fall.
Lena was hanging out with some friends by the mall. One of the boys had a skateboard. Lena asked if she could try to ride it. She started going down a big hill. She fell hard and broke her arm.

New Friends
Amy And Kim were new friends. Kim came over Amy's house one day after school. The girls went for a walk near the creek. Amy told Kim to stay on the path, but she didn't listen. Kim slipped in the mud and ruined her white shoes.

Book Club
Sally decided to join a book club. She got the book but was only able to read half of it. Sally was embarrassed to go to book club meeting. She and sat quietly afraid to talk and admit what happened Sally was happy to learn that everyone else needed more time too.

Hair Cut
Franny had long hair. She was getting tired of styling long hair. Franny decided to get a haircut. She couldn't afford to go to the salon. Franny cut her own hair with the help of a youtube tutorial.

Ice Fishing
Sam's dad was eager to take his son ice fishing. He showed Sam the tool used to drill a hole in the ice. He baited their lines and the two waited for a bite. Sam grew bored and wondered why his dad loved ice fishing. Then Sam felt a tug on his line and excitedly reeled it in.

Colin's Homework
Colin was working on his homework. He tried to find an excuse not to do it. Colin saw his dog and tried to get him to eat it. His dog would have none of it. Colin felt very silly as his mother berated him.

crime stopper
Ned saw an old man being pushed around. Thugs were trying to get at his wallet. Ned ran up quickly and pushed them aside. Then he helped the old man to safety. The old man thanked Ned for his heroism!

Later Still
Gina's mom was supposed to pick her up at 8. But at 9 she still hadn't arrived. Gina left messages for her, but there was no return call. Gina had been at her grandma's and bored the whole day. Now it looked like she would be staying the night.

Ridicule
Jim was overweight. He decided to go to the gym. At the gym other people made fun of him. Jim was discouraged. He stopped going to the gym and didn't lose weight.

Brian Has a Run
Brian hasn't exercised in many Year's. He's embarrassed to go to the local gym because he is out of shape. One day he decides to take a run around the block. Brian gets home feeling exhilarated after his run! He is very proud that he has begun to exercise again.

Rachel's Snake
Rachel owned a Python. She was preparing to feed it some mice. Rachel put the snake in the feeding tube. She got too close so, her Python bit her. It wasn't serious but Rachel learned her lesson.

Now Lunch
Lucy's grandpa had been napping. She was happy when he finally woke up. She asked for a ride to a friends house. He was too hungry to drive her. She sat and watched as he ate his lunch.

Judy finds a dress
Judy had a wedding next Saturday. She didn't like any of the outfits she had. So she decided to go to the mall. Judy visited several stores. She finally found the perfect dress.

Snow day
I woke up this morning and saw that it had snowed. I decided to take my son to the park. We went to the park and played in the snow. My son complained that  he was too cold. I took him home to warm up.

Babysitting
Mia's parents wanted to go out to dinner. They asked Mia to babysit her little sister. Mia decided to bake cookies for Abigail. They also played games until Abigail fell asleep. Mia put her to bed and waited up for her parents.

Trip to the Zoo
The Smith family decided they wanted to take a trip to the zoo. The trip took about an hour as the family got stuck in traffic. The moment the Smiths arrived, they rushed over to the elephants. The family marveled at how fun it was to feed the large animals. By the end of the trip, the family had taken hundreds of photos.

The Nap
Hannah had a break at work. She was tired and wanted to take a nap. She forgot to set an alarm. She overslept and was late back to work. Hannah's supervisors reprimanded her and she apologized.

winter
Fred had to drive to his job. There was snow all over the ground. He was nervous about black ice. He drove slowly. He made it safe.

Disneyworld
We took our kids to Disneyworld in 1995. Our kids were 9 and 6. My wife rode the Dumbo ride in the Magic Kingdom. The kids liked Splash Mountain. Unfortunately we never went back as the kids grew up.

Burnt Toast
Laney was making toast. She put some in the toaster and started watching television. The toast got stuck and started to burn. Laney was too invested in tv to notice. Eventually the smoke alarm had to alert her.

Waiting
Fred was supposed to pick his daughter up from school. Fred lost track of time because he was watching TV. Fred's daughter had to walk home alone. When she got home, she was crying and yelled at Fred. Fred felt horrible and promised it would never happen again.

Responsibility
Timmy asked his parents if they could get a puppy. His parents told him it was a lot of responsibility. Timmy wanted to prove he was responsible. He did his chores for a full month without forgetting anything. Timmy's parents agreed he was responsible enough to get him a puppy.

Voice Lessons
Jane wanted to learn how to sing. She knew she could carry a tune but her voice was not great. Her mom signed her up for voice lessons. Jane worked with her teacher every week. She finally was able to audition for a solo in her church choir.

Mother's Permission
Betty always required permission to go outside. She walked up to her Mom and asked for permission. Her mother was busy on the phone but consented. Although it was raining, Betty still went outside to play. Betty came back inside a few minutes later, all cold and wet.

Prank Fail
While in bed, in the dark, I heard someone whispering. I felt a chill run up my spine. I turned on the lamp beside my bed. I walked toward the closet. I opened it to find my little brother trying to scare me.

Mary Gets Her Wisdom Teeth Removed
Mary had to get her wisdom teeth removed. They were starting to push her teeth forward. Her dentist told her she had to undergo surgery. Mary was nervous the day of her operation. She awoke a few hours later with her wisdom teeth removed.

The Striker
Rowan wiped the sweat from his brow. He was running fast toward the goal. He knew at any moment the defender would run at him. Rowan was right, but prepared, as he swept past the defender. He kicked the ball hard and watched as it sailed into the goal.

Cat
I have never been a fan of cats. However, one has found its way to my house. It is grey and white and meows every time I go outside. My car is now covered with paw prints. The cat is a nuisance.

Too sick for school.
Charles was supposed to get ready for school. Instead, he was rolling in bed feeling sick. He had an important test though so he tried to get up. As he got dressed, he became violently sick and threw up. His mom decided that he was too sick for school.

Santa
Janet promised her son Bill that he would get to see Santa today. Bill hopped into the car excitedly. Janet drove to the mall and they walked inside at a quick pace. Bill spotted Santa sitting in the middle of the mall. Bill told Santa everything that he wanted for Christmas.

The Wheelchair
Perry had a dog named Lovely. Lovely had been getting old, and couldn't walk well. Perry built her a custom wheelchair. Now Lovely walks to her wheelchair each morning. Perry takes her for a morning walk, wheeling her along.

Watched Pot
People told Dave that a watched pot doesn't boil. He tried to prove them wrong by watching a pot. He put water in a pot and set it on the stove. He set the stove on high and waited. He was very excited when the pot began to boil.

Selflessness Learned
Dori invited her friend Hannah to her dance recital. Hannah said she didn't want to go out of pure laziness. Dori was incredibly hurt by Hannah's refusal to attend. Hannah realized the error of her ways and apologized to Dori. Hannah attended the dance recital and enjoyed watching her friend.

Bus Driver
Johnny took the bus to and from work every day. If you were not at the bus stop by 5:05 you would be left behind. Johnny boss wouldn't let him leave to make the bus today. He got to the stop at 5:06, the bus wasn't there. The bus rolls up two minutes later and tells Johnny he hit traffic.

Reading
Amy checked out 3 books from the library. She wanted to nothing but read. Her mother had a hard time getting her to go to school. In class Amy could only think of her books. She had discovered a whole new world in the land of books.

Tim
Tim made a New Year's resolution. He vowed to give up chocolate cake! At first it was very difficult. He thought about eating cake all the time! But by February, he didn't even crave cake any more!

Grandmother
Richard's grandmother has been sick for a very long time. When Richard was young he would go over to her house every week. He was very sad that his grandmother had been sick for so long. One day Richard's grandmother passed away. Richard is very sad but knows his grandmother is in a better place.

Walk in the Park
Thomas' dog Lily wanted to go for a walk in the park. Tom took Lily to Central Park in the sunny afternoon. He stopped by a hot dog cart and got a bite to eat. While eating he sat on a bench with Lily looking at the sun. After lunch, the two had a nice game of catch.

New Dog
Zoey's mom told her they could go pick out a new dog today. Zoey was so excited she ran to the car. They got to the pet store in no time. Zoey found a beautiful French Bulldog that she loved. Zoey's mom paid for the French Bulldog and they took him home!

Nothing to worry about
There was a creepy house in the edge of town. No one dared to pass by there. One day Jeff got dared to knock on the door. He knocked repeatedly on the door. Jeff was greeted nicely by two old ladies.

The Watch
Dave bought a shiny watch to impress others. He put it on his wrist and set the time. Throughout the day he got a lot of compliment. Many people asked him where he had bought it. Dave lied and said that he didn't know because it was a gift.

A Little Fall
Bev and her brother loved to ride their bikes down big hills. The bigger the better. One day Bev hit a rock on the way down. She went flying over the handlebars. Fortunately she just got scraped up a bit.

Santa
Mary was looking forward to seeing Santa at the mall. She had a list she wanted to give to him. She hoped she wasn't asking for too much this year. When she and her mom got to the mall, they waited in line. After about 20 minutes she was finally sitting on Santa's lap.

Climbing the Tree
Ed had tried to get to the top of the apple tree for weeks. He could only get so far, then he couldn't reach any higher. He finally started to think about a different approach. The next day, he tried climbing from the opposite side. He made it to the top at last!

Hot Coffee
Mike was at work but needed a coffee, he stepped out to get one. Upon arrival he noticed the line was very long. He noticed a friend further up in line and sent him a text message. His friend checked the phone, and placed Mike's order for him. Mike got his coffee without having to wait in the long line.

The borrowed swimsuit.
Chelsey was at her friend's house. Her friend suggested that they go swimming. Chelsey needed to borrow a swimsuit. She tried a few on but none fit. Instead, she ended up borrowing a tee shirt.

Trip to China
Alex always wanted to go to China. She decided to ask her spouse if they could go for her birthday. Her spouse agreed and they planned the places they wanted to visit. They bought a travel package months in advance. They left on the day of Alexs fiftieth birthday.

Greg Bakes a Pizza
Greg wanted to bake a frozen pizza. He pre-heated the oven to 400 degrees. He put the pizza in the oven. He set a timer for 17 minutes. When the timer went off, Greg took the cooked pizza out of the oven.

Insurance Can't Cover Everything
Jane was a huge fan of Michael Jackson. Ever since she was ten, she used to collect memorabilia. Last Saturday, someone broke into her house. They stole one of her favorite pieces. And the insurance won't even cover it.

Movie Saturday
We woke up late and it was raining. We decided to go to the Movies. When we got there, there was a long line. We decided to buy our tickets online. We got in before everyone else to see the movie.

End of Friendship
My friend was accepted to a highly prestigious college. She was planning to leave within a week. I treated her to dinner and took her out to the mall. She was extremely thankful and hugged me. The next day, she left for an airplane flight to the college.

Velocity
I was at the top of a building. I decided to drop a ball from the edge. I wanted to calculate the terminal velocity of the ball. I used mechanical physics to carry out the calculation. My arithmetic was wrong so the ball traveled faster than I expected.

Paris
Neil had just left the south of France. He had enjoyed Nice, but he wanted to see Paris. He took a long train ride north. They rode through hills and small towns. Then, the next morning, they arrived in Paris!

Practice
Justin was playing chess with his friend. But he expected to lose like always. He ending up losing and felt that he would never get better. But after his friend helped him, Justin finally won. He decided to practice more until he could beat his friend more often.

the Recorder
Everyone in third grade is learning to play the recorder. Matthew's teacher allowed him to bring the recorder home. Matthew played Hot Cross Buns over and over. Matthew's mom Mary started to get a headache. Mary threatened to throw the recorder away if the noise didn't stop.

Greece
I wanted to see the world. So, I decided to travel to Greece. I learned so much about different cultures in Greece. I was glad for the opportunity to visit Greece. Alas, I lost my visa and couldn't leave Greece.

Need A Ride
It was getting late and Gina was ready to go home. She had been at her grandma's house for the whole day. She just wanted to go home and get in her own bed. But her mother hadn't arrived at the time she said she would. When Gina tried to call her, there was no answer.

Sam's Club Is Crazy
Bob needs something at Sam's Club. So he prints off a guest membership and spends $20 to get there. When he gets to checkout they tell him that they don't take Visa! Bob doesn't have any cash because he didn't realize he would need it. Bob vows to never get a membership at Sam's Club.

Fairytale Picnic
Becky's mom let her carry the picnic basket on the family hike. As they walked through the woods, Becky trailed with the basket. When they reached a picnic spot, Becky's mom opened the basket. She reached for her cake and found only crumbs. Then, she recalled reading Hansel and Gretel to Becky.

Swim Fast
Larry is an avid swimmer. He practices for hours everyday to get ready for his big meet. Larry wants to beat his long-time rival Steve. At the meet, they race right along next to each other. Larry pulls ahead at the end of the race and wins!

Brick Oven Pizza
Amy and her family went out to eat. It was Amy's idea to celebrate since she made the volleyball team. Her little brother wanted to go to Chili's. Her dad reminded him it was Amy's night, so it was Amy's choice. Amy decided they were going to Brick Oven Pizza.

Learning to knit
Last month I started learning to knit. It took me awhile to get the hang of it. Thankfully I was able to learn. I ended up making a scarf. The scarf is amazing.

The Stolen Money
Calista always put her money in her sock drawer. She went to put more money with it, but it was not there. Her sister was eating ice cream when she went outside. She thought her sister stole her money. She went to go look again, and found it hidden in the drawer.

The filthy house.
Zoey was offered a free place to stay by her friend. It was an old cabin he had built. Inside, the place was a huge mess. Zoey had to spend an entire week to clean the whole thing. Finally, it was livable and she moved in.

Can Do
Tim was busy designing new labels for soup cans. He created 20 new designs and showed them to his bosses. The bosses liked them but told Tim he shouldn't put dragon's them. Tim could only draw dragons well so he tried convincing them for it. Two weeks later the soup company rolled out its first Dragon Soup.

Tree Fell
Ed put up a tree all by himself. It was large tree. He put all his ornaments on it. And put all his lights on it. But the base could hold it and it fell down.

Horatio Goes Fishing
Horatio has never taken advantage of living in nearby a river. He decides he needs to enjoy nature while he is still young. Horatio takes a day off work to go fishing in the river. He catches a glorious salmon. Horatio is so happy he went fishing in the river.

The Runners
My dad has always been into running. When he first met my mom, she was not a runner like him. He tried to get her into running. My mom did not want to run, but she did it anyways. She started to like running because of my dad.

Be Careful
Marcus set a glass of water near his computer. He wasn't watching what he was doing. The glass spilled on his keyboard. The keyboard shorted out. Marcus has to buy a new keyboard.

Doctor
Mark wants to be a doctor real bad. He's trying to decide where to get his degree from. He is quickly finding out how expensive this will be. He will have a lot of student loans. Mark decides it's worth it because he really wants to do this.

New Puppy
Kelsi's parents promised her a new puppy for her birthday. Her parents took her to the pet store to take a look. Kelsi's eyes laid on this beautiful brown dog that was very small. The dog was waiting to be adopted and Kelsi picked it up. Kelsi was so excited to have her new puppy.

Gerald and the book
Gerald was really excited for a new book that was coming out. He signed up online to get an official signed copy from the writer. He got an email that told him he had won a copy. He went to the signing in Los Angeles and waited in line. Gerald received his copy and went home to read it.

Larry Catches a Trout
Larry was fishing in the pond in his backyard. He couldn't catch anything today. He decided to take a lunch break. While he was eating his sandwich, something tugged his line. Larry reeled in a 2 pound trout from the pound.

Turtle time
Kelly brought home a new turtle. She couldn't wait to play with it. When she took it out of the cage she had it play. Kelly had lots of fun. She couldn't wait to buy another one.

The hunt
Two men wandered the woods looking for deer to hunt. They followed tracks that led to a set of bushes. One hunter shot his gun at random in the bush. Birds scattered at the sound instantly. Still no sign of deer.

Alarm
Dan didn't want to go to class. He had poor attendance and couldn't skip the class. Before class began he pulled a fire alarm. Ink sprayed out and covered his hand. He stood outside with the other students hiding his hand in his pocket

The City
Johnny wanted to get out of the country. He moved to the city. He found the city scary and loud. He found it hard to sleep at night from the noise. Johnny finally came to his senses and moved back to the country.

When I Broke My Leg
When I was a child I had gotten a bike as a gift. I took my new bike for a ride down a huge hill in our yard. While going to down the hill I wrecked, and broke my leg. My parents took me too the hospital to get a cast put on. Afterwards all my friends got to sign my cast, which was so cool!

Recycled Cans
I went to my car to drive to school. I noticed that I was out of gas and had no money. I took a bag of cans and what gas I had and went to the store. I recycled my cans and got money in return. I took the money, bought gas and went to class.

Hiking Trip
My kids and I went on a hike up a tall mountain. One daughter got sick halfway up. I decided to bring my daughter back down the mountain. We slowly made our way down to the car. We waited in the car for awhile until the rest of the kids returned.

Kim's first Louis Bag
Kim was so excited as she was going to get her first Louis bag today. She walked into the Louis Vuitton store and squealed with delight. All of the bags in the store looked absolutely wonderful. Kim settled on a traditional monogram bag and her mother paid for it. Kim had the biggest smile on her face as she walked out of the store.

Allergies
Jen loves her aunt's new kitten. She played with the kitten all day before having to go home. Jen wanted to get her own kitten, so she asked her mom that night. Sadly, Jen began to sneeze and get a runny nose. Turns out Jen is allergic to cats and she cannot get a kitten.

Short Circuit
Tanya was talking to her friend on the phone. She felt the phone overheating. She decided to put her phone to rest. The phone sparked immediately. Tanya couldn't turn it on anymore.

Sally caught a Frog
Sally had a pond on her property. Every spring she could hear the frogs croaking. One spring she set out to catch one of the frogs. She went down to the pond and caught a nice big frog. She placed her new pet in an aquarium in her bedroom.

Girl Scout Shout Out
Kristi loved to go hiking in the mountains. One day she was alone on the trail when she heard a low growl. Slowly turning around she saw a mountain lion crouching down. Kristi had been a girl scout so she knew what to do. Hands in her pockets, she lifted her arms high to seem bigger.

Greg's party
Greg wanted to throw the best party ever. He cooked up lots of burgers. However, he got tired from all of the work. His friends decided to help. With the help of others the party was a huge success.

Soccer Game Jitters
Kevin loved playing soccer and was on a team. His team was set to have a game today. Kevin was feeling extra nervous about this. Luckily his nerves did not affect his performance. Kevin's team eventually won.

Smokey and the Skunk
Smokey the cat loved spending time outside. One morning, he came back inside smelling like skunk! His family decided to give him a bath. They put water in the sink, lathered him up, and then rinsed him off. Smokey cried the entire time and didn't enjoy his bath at all.

Itchy Underwear
My mom used new laundry detergent last week. I put on a clean pair of underwear and headed to work. Within minutes I felt insane itching. I had an allergic reaction to the detergent. I had to buy a new pair and change in the bathroom.

House on fire
Yesterday Kelly baked some cookies. She put them in and forgot about them. To her surprise, the house came on fire. Kelly freaked out. Luckily the fire department came right away.

Grocery shopping
Amanda arrived at the grocery store. She found flour, sugar, and oil on the same aisle. She had to go to the refrigerated section to find eggs. The cashier asked her what she was baking. She told him she was making a cake.

Lost Dog
Ryan's dog got out one night. Ryan was heartbroken! He looked all day but had no luck, so he put up signs. Thankfully, a neighbor saw the signs and found Ryan's dog! Ryan was so happy when the neighbor called to return his dog.

The best walk ever.
Occasionally Yari liked to go for walks for exercise. Sometimes she would walked to the local grocery stores. On Yari's 17th birthday she was feeling down and forgotten She was wishing that something good could just happen for her. She went for a walk and found $270 laying in the grass in a bare lot.

singing
Ella wanted to enter a singing contest. She wrote her own song. Then she designed the music. She performed her song in the contest. Sadly, Ella didn't win.

Punished
Lucy was upset as she ran to her room. Her grandmother changed her mind and decided not to give her a ride. Lucy wanted to see the boy she had a crush on. She lay on her bed crying. She couldn't believe her grandmother could be so cruel.

Shark Attack
Everyone was swimming inside of the ocean. Eventually, someone noticed a mini-shark in the water. As soon as he started to run away, everyone else did. They took their belongings and left. I decided to stay since I didn't go in the water.

Illness
I woke up to go to an appointment. However, I felt dizzy as soon as I got up. I sat down for a minute and couldn't stand up again. I ended up napping on my floor. Now my neck is sore but I feel better.

Out of Bread
There was a storm looming. Ken was out of food. He decided to go get bread. Unfortunately the store was already cleaned out. Ken had to settle for noodles.

Biking in the Sand
I was riding a bike one day, when I was 8. I tried to ride onto a sand lot. My bike got caught in the sand and I fell. I tried again, going faster. I was able to get through on my second try.

Walk to town
Kelly's car was not working. But she really needed to get to town. She decided to walk instead. She needed a walk. But it took her an hour to get there.

Orange picking
Keely and her friends decided to go orange picking. The girls always had fun with that. They decided to each grab a bucket. The girls spent about four hours picking. In the end they got about 100 oranges.

True Value
Jane's mom left her a necklace of red stones. She was sure the gems were real because her mom had treasured it. Jane's husband convinced her to get the necklace appraised. The appraiser said the necklace was worthless. Jane stormed out of his office clutching the necklace.

Gamers
Johan pressed the keys on the controller rapidly. He gave a furtive glance over at his sister's rapidly moving fingers. Shar finished the game in first place and looked at her brother. He was exasperated and threw down his control. Shar returned the control to Johan and they played another game.

Dad Rules
As a child, I was afraid of water. My dad tried to make me more comfortable and swam with me. I was so scared, I could barely stay afloat. My dad put me on his back and swam around with me. I was so comfortable, that I was never scared of water again.

Smith Family Pizza Making
The Smith family likes to make pizzas together on Fridays. Usually, the parents will buy the ingredients in advance. They all get together and pile on their desired toppings. The Smith daughters tend to choose more veggies than the sons. Overall, this pizza making tradition has brought the family closer.

Scary Sleepover
Katy had a group of friends over on Friday for a sleepover. They stayed up late and told ghost stories. Katy was frightened, kept hearing noises and couldn't get to sleep. The noises were just her friend whimpering, who also couldn't sleep. They stayed up and whispered about boys at school, which relaxed them.

Compound Interest
Marge wanted to teach her kids the value of saving. She promised to give a dollar for every dollar they saved. Soon, the kids had big bank accounts, while Marge's was depleted. Marge wondered where her kids got the dollars she was matching. Then, she heard them borrowing from pals with a promise of interest.

Lucy's Train Ride
Lucy wanted to visit her grandmother. She decided to travel to her grandmother's house by train. She bought her ticket and boarded the train. After several hours, she arrived at the station. Lucy was glad that she could travel so easily to see her grandmother.

Fish
Rob had a sick goldfish. The fish was swimming sideways and breathing hard. Rob put the fish in a small bowl with warm medicated water. After a few days it recovered and grew healthy again. In less than a week it was just as sprightly as ever!

Piano Lessons
Johnny was forced to take piano lessons since he was four. He felt like it was a waste of his time but he stuck with it. On the board at school there was an ad looking for a keyboardist. The guys in the band couldn't believe how good he was. He had a great time playing with them over the next three Year's.

Swimsuits
Celeste and her friend wanted to go to the beach this Summer. Celeste did not have a proper bathing suit. She and her friend went to the store to pick one out. She found a pink one that she really liked. She ended up buying it because it fit her well.

Going to the Doctor
Mary woke up one morning and felt sick to her stomach. She waited a bit to see if it would clear up without medicine. At noon she felt no better and decided to go to the doctor The doctor prescribed her a simple nausea relief medication. Mary took her medicine after she arrived home and felt much better!

Alan
Alan went to bed late. He set his alarm so he would not oversleep. But when he woke, it was almost noon! He hadn't heard his alarm going off. Alan was angry that he had overslept.

Broken Glass
The floor was covered in broken glass. The robbers left the convenience store in quite a mess. The owner invited the police inside to take the report. They immediately asked for the surveillance video. After the police left, the owner started to clean up the mess.

Hot tea
Kelly made herself a cup of hot tea. She put in the tea bag and took a sip. It was delicious. However to her dismay, she spilled some. Kelly ended up with a burn.

Ice Cream Truck
The sound of an ice cream truck became more loud. I decided to run outside and look for the truck. It was moving on the left side of the street. When the truck arrived, I walked to the front. The driver offered several flavors to buy.

First Game
Ed was finally on the varsity football team after two years on JV. It was the first game of the season. He wasn't sure he'd get to play. When the coach called him in the last quarter he was overjoyed. And it was even better when the team won the game.

OCD
Michael was OCD when it came to cleaning. He was a mechanic and would often get dirty at work. After work he would throw away his dirty clothes. Michael had to buy new work clothes often. He ended up spending half of his monthly wages on clothes.

Poor Sam
Sam like to bake cookies So one day he made a large batch of chocolate chip cookies. He put them in the oven. But 50 minutes later he remembered he forgot about them. The batch was ruined but Sam always uses a timer now.

Cheap Tools
Mitch built a coffee table using cheap tools. Because of his cheap tools, the table looked slightly off. When he put a cup of water on the table he saw it was not level. The cup slowly slid off the table. Mitch watched the cup fall off and shatter on the floor.

Back to school party.
The local neighborhood hosted a party. They were celebrating back to school. There were lots of games set up for the kids. There was also a bunch of yummy food. The party lasted all the way into the evening.

Taking the bus
One day, I was low on gas and needed to get to work. I decided I would take the city bus. I looked online for a bus stop. I walked to the bus stop that was near me. I boarded the bus and it was empty.

The Lucky $100
Charles was down to his last dollar and didn't have a job. He parked in a grocery store lot but need to walk to Kinkos. On the way, he saw a girl with an awesome figure. She was his x-girlfriend. They talked and she offered him $100 to help him out.

The scary potty trip.
Sylvia was camping with her family. One night she needed to use the restroom. It was down a path and she was scared to walk alone. She woke up her sister and asked her to come with her. Luckily, her sister agreed and went with her.

Apples instead of candy
Kelly and her friends went trick or treating. When the girls went next door they thought they would get candy. To their surprise they got apples. The girls cringed. Yet they ate them anyway.

The ugly sweater.
Sean saw an Ugly Sweater Maker contest. He designed his own sweater but he wanted to win it for real. He put his link out there and advertised like crazy. Somehow it worked and he won the sweater. It arrived soon after  but he never really used it again.

Music Festivals
Hannah loves music. One summer, Hannah had the chance to attend a live festival. Hannah was awestruck by the festival atmosphere. The music and the stages were amazing. Hannah returned home with a new understanding of music.

Reading
Gracie is in first grade and loves to read. Her teacher gives her special books to take home every night. Gracie likes to read the stories to her family. She gets excited when she learns new words. She wants to keep reading every day.

Anesthesia.
Dave had to get his cavities filled. The dentist gave him some anesthesia. They began to start the procedure right away. He could still feel the pain. He ended up having to bear through it.

Custody Battle
Mike's parents got a divorce, and his mom decided she was moving. Mike's dad went to court to try to get custody. During the trial, the judge asked Mike who he wanted to stay with. Mike cried and said he wanted to be with his dad. The court ruled in his mom's favor, and Mike moved away.

Lucy
Lucy wanted to go swimming. She called her friends to ask them to come with her. No one wanted to come with her. Lucy asked her older brother to come. They went to the beach.

Picking Flowers
Jake wanted to get his girlfriend flowers. He saw some on the side of the road that looked nice. Jake decided to pick them and put them in a vase. He arranged them himself. His girlfriend loved the gift.

Mile Club
Rick wanted to fly to Hawaii to visit his brother. Airline rates were abnormally high and he couldn't afford it. Rick remembered he earned a lot of miles on his credit card. He checked his rewards online and he had just enough to fly roundtrip. Rick was relieved that he had enough miles to see his brother.

The Runaway Dog
Mary was a young child who had a small dog. Her dog's name was Sam. Mary took Sam for a walk every evening. One evening Mary took Sam for a walk without his leash. Sam ran away as soon as they went outside and hasn't been seen since.

Tears Fall
Amy's first volleyball game for the JV team was a bust. She had been looking forward to the game all week. Now it was over, and she didn't even get to play. She walked to her room quietly. Closed the door and lay on the floor crying.

The cat is sick
Lee the cat wasn't feeling well. He sat around all day, didn't move very much. His owner, Ryan, took him to the vet. Lee had urinary tract infection! Lee was fixed by the vet and is now on special cat food.

Divorce
Zach and Trevor's parents split up when they were young. In court, the dad won split custody of them. They now go to their moms one week, and there dads the next. This has been really bad for developing Trevor and Zach. Now they're all grown up, and the parents wonder why they're distant.

Good news.
Lily had good news for her husband. She was pregnant. She waited for him to get home. Then she surprised him with the news. He was overjoyed.

The Hunting Trip
The men were determined to get some good game today. After several hours walking, they still had nothing to show. Beginning to feel discouraged they sat down. Out from the brush popped two deer. They shot them both and took home a tasty feast.

Harry Makes a Fruit Salad
Harry has been invited to a party this weekend. He knows he wants to bring something, but can't decided what to bring. Finally he decides to make a fruit salad. He makes a delicious fruit salad with oranges, grapes, and apples. The other guests at the party love Harry's fruit salad.

Deer in Road
I drive my kids to school every morning. One day last year a deer ran directly in front of my car. He was a young deer and I hit him. He was dead and my car was badly dented. This year my car is rusty in the spot that the deer hit.

Low Vitamin D Levels
Tara had been feeling a bit tired lately. She went to her doctor to get a checkup. Her doctor drew some blood for testing. The results indicated that she had low levels of Vitamin D. Tara's doctor recommended that Tara get more exposure to the sun.

Company Bonus
Larry had an excellent job. He was an accountant at an established firm. His bonus this year allowed him to take a vacation with his family. Larry decided to take his family on a cruise in Mexico. His family was very appreciative of Larry's hard work.

Needle Phobia
Rudy has always hated needles. She was starting a new job and needed a vaccine. Rudy was terrified to get the vaccine. She tried her best to be brave as the nurse prepped her arm. Once she felt the needle in her arm she passed out.

Mr Trump's crazy idea
Donald Trump woke up one day, and decided he wanted to run for POTUS He informed his wife, and his children of his decision They were all intensely amused He started campaigning, and mostly everybody thought he was a joke However, lo and behold, come election time, Donald would be elected

The long trip.
Cami was about to go on a long trip. She was going to miss her boyfriend a lot. They were spending time together up to the last second. Finally it was time to say goodbye. They hugged for a long time.

Getting burgers.
Oliver and Maggie went to get burgers. They each ordered their preferred burgers. Oliver also ordered a shake and fries. They went and sat down to wait. Finally, their food was ready.

eBay
Jane had a lot of junk that she wanted to get rid of. Her friend told her about eBay, so she made a new account. Jane listed all of her stuff on eBay. After a few days, the stuff sold. Jane then brought the stuff that sold to the post office and mailed it

Tacos
Gary really wanted tacos for dinner. He went to the restaurant but they were closed. So we went to the store to get ingredients. He grabbed everything and headed home to cook. They were some of the best tacos he's ever had.

The Book
Amy's friend Troy emailed her he had something for her. He wouldn't tell her what and made her wait till break. Troy crept to Amy's desk with his hand behind his back. After failing to guess what it was Amy was handed a large book. Amy was elated to see a book on Healing Foods.

Trina Texts During Class
Trina was texting in her history class. Her history teacher saw her using her phone. He told Trina to put the phone away. He told her she would get detention if she did it again. Trina was happy she only got a warning.

Talk
A notice was put up in the town square. It said the town would be split up and separated into two halves. A large group gathered around and started worrying. They wondered who would be their neighbors after all this. Eventually the group started fighting amongst themselves.

The Photographer
Richard saved his money from his job for years. He purchased camera equipment and travel tickets. Richard drove out to a national park with his camera. When he set up his camera, a bear began to charge at him. He had to leave his camera and drive away from the park.

Pigs problem
July owns a far. In her farm she has chickens, cows and pigs. One day all the pigs run away. July asked her neighbor for help. July and her neighbor managed to retrieve all the pigs but two.

Bribery
The newspaper accused Benji of accepting bribes. He denied all the charges, maintaining his innocence. The editor set up a time to meet with Benji. At the interview, Benji made him an offer. He'd pay the reporter money to stop writing about him.

The boring flight.
Tyler was on a flight to visit his family. He had planned on watching a movie on his phone. When he went to check the phone, he realized that it was dead. He had to sit quietly the entire flight, and was so bored. Finally they made it and Tyler eagerly got off of the plane.

Alarm Failure
I woke up extremely late for work on Monday. My alarm had failed to go off. I frantically showered, threw my hair up, and grabbed my shoes. I hurriedly made my husband's lunch and checked the calendar. It was Sunday.

Pet Goats
Jennifer loves farm animals. She decided to get a pet goats. She played with the goats every single day. She learned how to milk the goats. Jennifer now makes goat's milk cheeses and soaps.

The Big Move
Larry wanted to move out of town. He grew up there and there were no jobs. He saved up for Years. Eventually he was able to move out. He moved somewhere he researched and is much happier.

Costco
The Bailey's loved Costco. The liked to go get samples. Their kids loved the samples too. One day they didn't have any samples. They were all disappointed.

Learning to fly
Dan always wanted to fly as a kid. Dan decided to follow his dream. Dan decided to join the Air Force to become a pilot. A few years later, Dan was flying fighter jets. Dan is happy that he pursued his dream in life.

A Family Christmas
George was excited to see his family for Christmas. He loaded his luggage in his small car. He drove for 5 hours to arrive at his mother's house. His mother greeted him at the door with a hug. George went inside to enjoy a family Christmas.

Santa's cookies
When I was little I used to put milk and cookies out for Santa. I was such a believer in Santa as a kid. The next morning,the milk and cookies would be gone. Little did I know it was my dad eating them. Those memories I am fond of.

Becoming a teacher
Erica wanted to be a teacher for as long as she could remember. When she got to college, she knew she wanted to pursue teaching. She majored in education and learned a lot about how to teach. She worked as a student teacher to get lots of practice. When she graduated, she found a great job at a school in her town.

Procrastinator
My teacher reminded us to apply for financial aid for next year. I didn't take her seriously. In addition, I applied a week before the next semester started. Unfortunately, the tuition for my classes was not covered. I ended up paying for the classes with my own money.

Military Wedding
Reese was engaged to Javier. Javier was in the army and had to move far away. Reese wanted to go with him so they had to get married quickly. They planned their wedding in three days. The day after the ceremony they both moved to Javier's new location.

Court
David had to go to court. He stood in front and made his vow. He was very anxious and stuttered. The judge said he was guilty. He had to pay a fine.

Broken glasses
Kelly had been wearing glasses for the longest time. Unfortunately she took a slip and fall down the stairs. As a result she broke her glasses. Kelly then immediately took them to be fixed. Thankfully they were fixed in two hours.

Hockey Game
Jessie had always wanted to go to a hockey game. She finally decided to buy tickets. Before she bought tickets, she heard about a contest on the radio. As she was on her way to work, the contest winners were announced. Jessie had won six tickets to the next game.

Diana Goes Shopping
Diana wants to do something to keep busy this weekend. Unfortunately she doesn't have any friends to hang out with. She decides to go shopping at her local mall to stay busy. She buys two sweaters and eats an ice cream cone. When she gets home, she is happy that she left the house.

Nature Trail
Helen and Sue went on a bike ride through a nature trail. It was very beautiful and tranquil. They enjoyed the scent of honeysuckle. Birds were chirping in the trees. They felt very relaxed when they finally returned home.

Camp Fire
The roaring fire started to pop and crackle. The boys had put all sorts of wood and brush in the fire. They now inched away from the out of control blaze. The scoutmaster then ordered a couple of boys to go fetch some water. He took the water and dowsed out the fire.

The Song
Keith wanted to give a special gift to his girlfriend. He worked all day writing a song on guitar. The next day, he picked just the right words. On their anniversary, Keith played the song. His girlfriend loved it.

Movie
A famous movie director wondered why no one liked his movie. He decided to go see the movie at a local theater in disguise. As the movie went on he noticed he started to feel sick. He had the movie analyzed and the FPS was to high. Changing the FPS, suddenly the movie become popular.

Wet Socks
Lori had just done the laundry. When she went to work she put socks on. They were still wet. She figured she would wear them anyway. Lori wound up getting blisters on her feet.

Pizza Party
Tammy had a sleepover for her birthday. For dinner, the girls made their own little pizzas. Tammy's mom had all kinds of things for them to put on top. Some girls made crazy combinations! They had fun trying each other's creations.

Health Choices
Jack began feeling heart palpitations. He went to the doctor to get his heart tested. Jack's doctor told him his heart was just fine. Jack did learn, however, that he had high blood pressure. This event caused him to turn his life around and get healthy.

Museum
Sara decided to take her son to the museum. She warned him to not touch any of the exhibits. While they were there, Sarah became distracted. Her son knocked an entire exhibit over! Sara and her son were kicked out of the museum forever.

Wishing
As a kid I always wanted to drive a racecar. I went to races of every kind, and watched every race on TV. For my fourth birthday my dad got me a racecar bed.`. On my 16th birthday, I was able to test drive a car at Daytona. By age 25, I had competed for five years; my wish came true!

Papercuts
Arnold was terrified to get a papercut. Everytime he would do something with a paper he would get cut. One day he had to write an important case on a paper. He felt something weird on his hand. He had a paper cut.

Bus Fare
Sophia forgot to bring any change for the bus ride. The driver waited patiently as she searched her pockets for money. Laren, her friend, eventually got fed up and paid for her fare. The two quickly sat down while the driver took off. Four stops later, they exited at the museum.

Pizza Fire
Jimmy was reading a book at home. He had forgotten that he put a pizza in the oven earlier. The pizza eventually caught on fire. It created a small fire in his oven. Jimmy had to extinguish the fire with water from the sink.

Passengers
Sally hopped on a freight train to travel for free. She realizes the trip will take hours. She brought some sandwiches with her. She slept most of the way She made it in 5 hours.

Shelter in a Storm
The Bush family always spends the month of July at the lake. The drive to the lake took several hours. A downpour began while they were on their way. The torrential rainy came into the car through a crack in a window. The family was able to huddle together for shelter in a barn.

The baby fall.
Nadine's aunt asked her to babysit her cousin. She put him on her lap and sat on a bar-stool. Suddenly, the baby slipped from her arms. He fell and hit his head on the floor. Nadine apologized profusely to her aunt, who said it was okay.

The fudge mistake.
Sean was making fudge. He put the batter into the freezer. When he took it out, he saw that it was not right. He tried to fix it by adding flour and baking it. Luckily, his changes managed to fix it up.

The Air Show
Jake asked his mother to take him to the air show. Since he asked for months she decided to take him. They didn't have the best seats but he was still able to see clearly. Jake laughed with glee as he watched the planes perform tricks. After his mother purchased a souvenir he begged for.

Teeth
Olaf was terrified. It was his first visit to the dentist. He expected the dentist to be mean and hurt him. But Olaf got a nice surprise. The dentist was kind and didn't hurt him at all!

Theater Major
Mary is a theater major at a university. She has tried very hard to be the best she can be at school. She just auditioned and got the lead role in a play at the school. She hopes that this play will get her name out there. She's hopeful because she has racked up a lot of student loans.

Nana Shenanigans
Kick the can was all of the neighbor kids favorite game on my block. We would stay out until the street lights came on playing it. The adults never understood why we liked it so much. All the adults except Nana, that is. Nana would hide behind her hedges and chase us with her false teeth!

Don't drink all of the beer!
Mo decided to throw a party at his house. He purchased several pizzas and lots of beer. Waiting for his guests to arrive, Mo drank all of the beer. When his guests arrived, Mo could barely stand. Mo's guests made Mo eat a whole pizza to sober up.

The button
Mary went to her closet to find something to wear. She took her green shirt off of the hanger. She put on the green shirt. She started to button the shirt. She noticed she was missing a button.

The Suit
Josh needed a suit for his interview. Josh decided to go to the outlet mall to get a suit. He found a suit he liked but it was too loose at shoulder. He went to a tailor to have the suit fitted. Josh now had a great suit for his interview.

No pizza cutter
Cam ordered a pizza and took it home. He opened the box to take out a slice. Cam discovered that the store did not cut the pizza for him. He looked for his pizza cutter but did not find it. He had to use his chef knife to cut a slice.

Francis Samples Beer
Francis has always wanted to try sampling different beers. His local brewery is holding a sampling this weekend. Francis and his friends all attend the sampling. Francis is amazed at the wide variety of beer available. He is very happy that he has finally tried sampling beers.

Hurt from exercising
Yesterday I tried exercising for five minutes. It was a brutal workout. It was so brutal I had to take a few breaks. Today I feel so sore and achey all over. Hopefully it will go away soon.

Apple Sauce
Joe hated apple sauce. When his mother served it, he'd throw it away. He hated the taste. One day his mother put sugar in the apple sauce. After that he always liked apple sauce.

Cards
Chrissy wanted to give special holiday cards to her teammates. But there were nine girls and she couldn't afford nine cards! She resolved to make them herself by hand. She went to work with scissors , glitter, pens and glue. The girls were so happy with the sweet cards, they almost cried!

A broken window
A brother and sister liked throwing golf balls on the roof. They liked watching the golf balls roll down the roof. One day they missed the roof. They were too scared to tell their parents what happened. They have kept the secret to this day.

Courtney's Intervention
Courtney has been very sad since her boyfriend broke up with her. Her friends try to cheer her up. They all go to watch a movie. Courtney has a blast being surrounded by her friends. Courtney is back to her old cheerful ways.

Random Event
It started to rain outside. I went into my room to hide under the covers. The thunderstorm began to occur. My bicycle ended up getting hit by a thunderbolt. After the storm, I decided to go outside to check on it.

Painting a picture
Ginnifer loved to paint. She went to the art store to buy supplies for a new painting. She bought a set of oil paint and brushes. When she got home, she started working on her painting. She painted a pretty picture of a countryside sunset.

Edna's Parasol
Edna and her family were going to visit their grandmother. It was raining out and Edna didn't like to get wet. Edna's grandmother had an old parasol that she used to use. It was a small, purple parasol with pink accents on the side. She gave it to Edna as a gift so she wouldn't get wet on the way home.

Night Feeding
May was a new mother. It was her first night home from the hospital. When sleepy she put the baby to sleep and laid down herself. 4 hours later the baby was crying. May stumbled in and fed the baby still half asleep herself.

cupcakes
Anita was hungry. She decided to make cupcakes. But after she put them in the oven, she got distracted. By the time she checked on them, they were burned! Anita sadly resolved to be more attentive in the future.

Concert Night
Hayley got tickets to go see her favorite band in concert. She was super excited! The day before the concert she got super sick. She was really worried she wouldn't be able to go. She ended up feeling well enough to see the show!

The Movie
My friends invited me to a movie tonight. I told them yes because I wanted to go at the time Now I lost interest and want to bail. But I don't want to upset them. Which is why I'm putting on my clothes and meeting them.

Mike's Big Business
Mike's small business began to succeed so much he needed to expand. Mike rented a business place and then hired two employees. Mike's business then became fully self sustaining, freeing Mikes time. Mike then decided to use his free time promoting his business. After months of hard work, Mike became a millionaire.

Monica found the best present
Monica was worried about finding a good present for her best friend. She decided to visit some boutiques she had never been to. At the second shop, she found the most beautiful scarf. She knew her friend would love it, and was happy to see the price. She bought the scarf, and gave it to her friend, who loved it!

Roller Coaster
Jean thought that Roller Coasters have always been scary. Everytime she went to a carnival she would avoid them. Her friends decided to ride the roller coaster one time, so she joined While riding she discovered they aren't as scary as she thought She had a lot of fun, and decided she would ride them more often

Trying a new Coffee
I bought some pumpkin spice ground coffee at the store. I went home to try it out in my coffee pot. I followed the instructions on how much to put in the filter. I brewed the coffee. The coffee was not very good.

Ice Skating
I wanted to try to ice skating. There is  a rink that was close by, so I went there. I laced up my skates and put on my gloves. I went out on the ice and kept falling down. I won't ever skate again!

Goog
Tom is really depressed that women no longer find him attractive. So his friend gets a woman to flirt with him. Tom finds out that she was put up to it. Tom is furious that his friend paid a woman to flirt with him. But he comes around when he realizes his friend had good intentions.

itunes
I wanted to get an app on my phone. I could not do so until I changed my payment information. I could not do that as the internet was out. The internet came on today and I was finally able to get an app. I think the tech world is confusing.

The Irony
When making a turn into the plaza, I found a Taco Bell. Since I was hungry, I decided to go through the drive-thru. I placed an order for a set of soft tacos. I heard a lady's voice over the intercom. She said that the place was out of tacos.

First Soccer Game
Kathryn was excited for her first soccer game. She got on the field and started dribbling the ball. The other team took the lead as the game was getting close. Luckily, Kathryn swooped in and scored the last goal. Kathryn was elated that her team finally won a game.

Chocolate and Vanilla
Jill's dad takes her to get some ice cream. She can't decide if she wants chocolate or vanilla. So she gets one of each. They make a really good combo. From then on that's how she orders ice cream.

The Prom
Gina was getting ready for the prom. She had on her dress and shoes. She put on her makeup. She checked herself in the mirror. When her date arrived, she smiled broadly.

Jaywalking
Jerry was recently touring a new city. He was trying to cross a busy highway in the city. He could not wait for the crossing signal at the crosswalk. In deciding to cross the street, Jerry got stopped by a cop. Jerry was upset to learn he was cited with Jaywalking.

Ice Skating
Lenny wanted to go ice skating this Winter. His parents warned him that he could get hurt. Lenny ignored their warnings and went anyway. Lenny didn't know how to skate so well. He fell and broke his ankle on the ice.

Long Break
Kay and Sara worked together at Macy's. Sara decided to take her break before Kay. Kay waited 40 minutes for Sara to return. When she returned she told Kay she could also take a long break. Kay felt bad and went back to work on time instead.

Sarah Gets Help
Sarah was struggling to pay the bills. She had recently been unemployed. She had to move back with her parents. Her parents helped her find a job at the local bakery. Sarah was able to get back on her feet with the help of her parents.

Girl Scout Cookies
Britney swore she would sell the most cookies in her troop. She went door to door all over the city, selling cookies. She and her mother set up a stand in front of a grocery store. Britney sold hundreds of boxes of cookies. Her leader gave her a special patch for selling the most cookies.

Ripped pants.
Gigi was about to go out. Suddenly, her jeans ripped. Quickly, she grabbed her sewing kit. She sat down on the couch and sewed the rip up. Then, she put her pants back on and left.

Not as Expected
Brittany decided to go shopping to get a gift for Jimmy. She knew his pants size and decided to buy a pair of jeans for him. After she came home, she gave Jimmy a hug along with the gift. When Jimmy tried it on, he can barely fit into it. He had to tuck his stomach in the pants since it was extremely short.

Out of Milk
There was a storm going into Ken's town. He decided to wait until the last minute to buy groceries. When he went to the store they were out of all the essentials. Tim got junk food instead. He made it through the storm but not in a healthy fashion.

Needing boxes.
Martha was getting ready to move. She needed to get some boxes. She had a few but not enough. Luckily, she found some for sale online. She ordered the boxes and got them in time to move.

Holes in Shirt
Billy was excited to go to school today. He put on his favorite shirt. On the bus some girls started laughing. Billy realized there was a huge hole in the back of his shirt! Billy called his mom to bring him another one.

Recycle
Ray was walking through his college campus. And he saw a man put a water bottle in a trash can. Ray became infuriated as it wasn't put into a recycling bin. So he took out the water bottle from the trash and yelled at the man. He arrogantly put the water bottle in the first recycling bin he saw.

Bad picture
Lucy had her school picture day. She wanted to make sure she looked good. When she sat down to take the picture she realized it was off. After her picture was done it was terrible. She didn't even want the photos.

Car
John was driving to work as he does every morning. He saw people in the car next to trying to get his attention. The people began acting silly. He saw that they were making very silly faces. John laughed out loud in response.

Couch Cushions
The three kids wanted food. They were going to go to the Taco Bell and get something. Unfortunately they were short a few cents. They looked through all the couch cushions and found money. It was more than enough and they bought extra food.

Driving
Tom was driving his car. He wanted to take a scenic way home. He deliberately passed his exit. Tom saw many beautiful trees. Tom took the scenic way home.

Always check you alarm
Jim didn't check to see if his alarm was set last night. He rushed out of the house after he woke up too late for work. He didn't have time to get coffee like he usually does. His boss yelled at him for being so tired. Now Jim always double checks his alarm.

Dance
Sara wanted to take dance. Her mom knew Sara was clumsy. She enrolled her anyway. Sara ended up being very good. Sara stuck with dance and loved it.

Demolition
Gina lived on a corner with 2 churches across the street. One day a fence was put up around one of the churches. Gina walked over to read the sign on the fence. The church was going to be demolished. Gina hated the church bells, but she was still sad to see it go.

Late train
Yesterday I was late for work. I take the train every morning . This time the train was late. I ended up being a half hour late. Unfortunately I got written up.

Teacher Attack
My friend Tim was nodding off in our high school algebra class. I warned him to cut it out or he'd get in trouble. He finally fell completely asleep. Tim began snoring loudly. The teacher woke him up by pelting him with the erasers!

Sick Jake
Four friends attended a birthday party. One of the friends, Jake, drank too much and became sick. He was so sick that he had to leave the party. None of the other three friends wanted to drive him home. They drew straws and one friend, Bob, had to drive him home.

The Comic Book Store
Sarah wanted to get some more comic books for her collection. She drove up town to the local comic book store with her friend Emily. Sarah and Emily arrived as soon as the comic book store opened. There were so many new comics to choose from! Sarah and Emily each got five new comics to add to their collections.

High Setting
Lucy wanted a home cooked meal for dinner. Before leaving for work she set her meal in the crockpot on high. Lucy learned when she got to work that she had to work overtime. By the time she got home her crockpot meal was burned. Lucu never set the crockpot on high while working again.

Tree Man
One day a crazy man climbed into a tree. The police were called. The man refused to get down from the tree. They waited for hours. Finally the man came down because he was tired.

Too Thirsty
My friend asked me if I had a drink. I offered my last bottle of water to him. He said that he's going to take a small sip. However, he ends up drinking half of the bottle. Therefore, I cold him to keep the rest.

The Thoughtless Girl
Elaine was a rich girl who had every material thing she wanted. When she tired of clothing, she would throw it in the trash. Her roommate, Heidi, appealed to Elaine to donate it instead. Elaine claimed to be too busy to take the clothing to a charity. When Elaine's family lost their fortune, Heidi was secretly pleased.

I almost died
Someone shot at the window of the movie theater I worked at. My body instantly dropped to the floor. I lost the ability to move my lower half of my body. I dragged myself to the back room while in fear I would be shot. The manager and I held each other crying until the police arrived.

Stung by a Bee
Mary was outside watering her flowers. Suddenly, a bee stung her. Mary was allergic to bees and started to get scared. She called 911 and an ambulance came. Her quick thinking had saved her life.

Last day of Radiation
I arrived at the office today. The nurses escorted me to the radiation department. In addition, the therapist gave me equipment to put on. After the radiation procedure, they congratulated me. I thanked all of them for their help and walked away.

Ellen Eats Dinner
Ellen decided she was hungry. She checked her cupboards and and found nothing. She decided to go to her favorite restaurant. She ordered herself a burger and fries. Ellen felt better after eating a good meal.

The Birthday Party
Hannah was turning ten years old. So she decided to throw a birthday party. She handed out invitations in class to all of her classmates. The day of the party, no one showed up. Hannah was devastated and she cried.

Juice Box
It was the first day that Jeb was using the forklift on his own. He lifted the pallet of juice cans high up. As he drove to the drop location he put on the brakes too hard. As the forklift bobbled, the pallet fell into a cooler box. The cans breaking open made it a very large juice box now.

Cat Comfort
Eric had a lot of studying to do before his exam. He had books and papers spread out on his desk. He got up to make some coffee to help him stay awake. When he came back, his cat was lounging across his study materials. He sighed and tried to remove a book from beneath his cat.

Waiting
Greg ordered two albums from Amazon. One of the albums he could download the digital copy right away. The other album he had to wait for the physical copy to arrive. It seemed to take forever for it to arrive. Greg thought the long wait made the music sound all the sweeter.

Cranky
Jessica was sitting in the cafeteria alone. I decided to give her company. However, she yelled at me when I asked her if she's ok. She also smacked me with her purse. A few hours later, I found out that her brother passed away.

Night-time Walk
One night, while I was tired, I felt a burst of energy. I couldn't sleep, so I wandered around my apartment. I eventually put on my shoes and went out for a walk. I walked around my block for a minute. I eventually went back to my house.

Pool
John was cleaning his pool one day. He then answered a phone call. He went to put it back in his pocket. The phone fell out and into the pool. He dove in after but it was too late.

California Dreamin'
Sam had always wanted to go to California. He drove from Virginia to California to visit for a month. Sam stayed at a friend's house during his visit. Sam and his friend went to Disneyland and Seaworld together. Sam enjoyed his stay so much he decided to move to California.

Hang Back
Gina had eaten with her friend Tami. And Tami had been talking to the girls who didn't like Gina. Gina decided to leave lunch early. She went outside to the playground alone. She didn't want to spend her recess with Tami and the other girls.

Late for School
I woke Samantha and Ethan up for school this morning. Ethan never actually got out of bed until it was time to leave home. Samantha and I waited in the car for him. When he came out we only had 5 minutes to get to school. Samantha was angry at him because he murdered her late for class.

Broken Balcony
Bob was at a large party. And everyone wanted to take a picture. Someone decided that they should take one on the balcony. So everyone crowded themselves on it. But after a few moments, everyone's weight made the balcony break.

Finding Great Books
I loved to read when I was little. As soon as I would finish one I would find another. I would go into the library and start browsing about. I would often find more than one book to read. I'd take them up to the librarian and she would check them out for me.

Christmas Carol
Carol was home visiting her family for the holidays. She asked her family if they would want to go caroling. Her family were all busy doing their own things. Carol told them it would be good to spend time together. Her and her family went caroling and had a great time.

License
Ever since high school started Billy wanted to get a driver's license He was finally old enough to enroll in Driver's education. He studied hard. When the driver's course was completed he went in to take the test. After all of the hard work he'd put into it he had passed the exam.

First day at Church
It was easter Sunday and everyone was getting ready to go to church. I never been to church so I didn't know what to expect. When I arrive there it was exciting and joyful experience. Everyone was nice to me and welcome me. Ever since I always go to Church.

Golf Cart
Camden was driving his golf cart to the beach. He spotted a nest of ducklings along the way. He stopped and got out to get a better look. The mother duck got spooked and took off. She pooped on the golf cart as she left the scene.

Albert and the wallet.
Albert was going to go play tennis at a public tennis court. It costed a dollar per hour but he realized he forgot his wallet. When he went to check his car, lying on the seat. He checked his pockets but his keys were missing too! Albert looked in the car and his keys were on the floor mat.

Shooting Range
Trevor and Zach wanted to have fun today but didn't know what to do. They decided to go to a shooting range and see if it was fun. After an hour at the range, they both fell in love with it. They decided to go back the next day. Now Trevor and Zach are very happy they chose to go yesterday.

Gift Cards
Allen went out to buy a gift for his friend's birthday. He did not know what to get his friend. Allen walked around the store for an hour to no avail. Finally he decided to just get a gift card instead. Allen bought a gift card and a greeting card to go with it.

John Plays Football
John tried out for the football team. He made the cut and got to play in the first game. They put him in as a receiver. On the first play the ball was thrown to him. He caught the pass and made a touchdown.

The Lifeboat
George decided to take his boat to the ocean to fish one day. He unloaded the boat from the dock and began to take off. After leaving the shore, George went into the remote ocean. While sitting in the water, George noticed a small boat with people. George travelled to the boat and saved a man who needed help.

Day at the Races
Patrick loved racing, and looked forward to going to the track. For one particular event, he made sure to get front row seats. He arrived early and paid no attention to the gathering storm clouds. But unfortunately they wouldn't be ignored, and unleashed a downpour. Patrick was forced to miss the racing that day.

Disappearing Bagels
Ed put a bagel on the table. He went to the refrigerator to get some cream cheese. When he got back to the table, the bagel was gone. He put another one on the table. He hid around the corner only to find his dog stealing the bagel.

Thrift Shopping
Jane was looking for new clothes for her spring wardrobe. She didn't have much money, so she decided to go to a thrift store. When she got there it didn't look like they would have anything. She almost gave up but then she found a pretty new dress and shorts. Jane can't wait to go back and find more clothes soon!

Fire Burning
Sam was trying to light a fire on a camping trip. It was extremely windy, though. Every time he lit a match, it would go out. He had to hold his hand in front of it to stop this from happening. It took an hour, but he finally managed to get a fire going.

Parental Guidance
My son had been talking back to me all day. I'd decided I'd had enough by the time he set the garage on fire. I trapped him inside and nailed the door shut. He burned to death, and no one was the wiser. I used the knowledge I gained to write a book on parenting.

Shopping Cart Mishap
Fay had told her son not to hang on the side of the shopping cart. He continued to do so though. Then on one shopping trip he accidentally pulled the cart over. It fell on top of him, making him cry. Fay never had to remind him not to hang on the side again.

The Dance
Fred was looking forward to the dance. Fred got in his car to go pick up his date. Fred picked up his date at her house. They arrived at the dance a few minutes early. They returned home after the dance.

The dentist lie.
Rachel's friends were all planning on skipping school. She wanted to join them but it was hard to get out of class. She decided to pretend she had a dentist's appointment. With a fake note, the school believed her. She was able to leave with no problems.

Caroline's Struggle
Caroline struggled from depression. She decided to talk to a psychiatrist. The psychiatrist told her to go to counseling sessions. Caroline attended counseling sessions for several months. After her sessions ended, Caroline's depression was much better.

Big hat
Ray bought a new hat online. He had it shipped to his house. He put the hat on once he arrived. The hat was so big it fell over his eyes. Ray boxed the hat back up and shipped it back.

Steve Forgot his Anniversary
Steve and Mary have been married for 10 years. On their 10th anniversary, Steve forgot to get a gift. Mary was very angry at Steve for forgetting this important date. Steve made up for it by buying tickets to Mary's favorite band. Mary forgave Steve, and they enjoyed the concert together.

Looking for some music.
Harper was tired of the same old music. She decided to search out some new bands. First, she checked out Youtube, but that didn't go well. Then, she discovered a cool music website. She ended up finding so many new bands that she loved.

Cheating
Diana was dribbling the basketball to the hoop. Two men approached her immediately. She carried the ball for a few steps to move away from the boys. The referee didn't notice and remained quiet. She made a layup to tie the game.

Weight Lost
Mike was a competition trainer and Jacob wanted to shed pounds. In order to get Jacob into shape, Mike put him on a strict diet. For half a year, Jacob seldom ate over half a pound of food per meal. Mike finally placed Jacob on a scale to see how much he lost. Jacob lost a whopping 12 pounds and thanked Mike for the diet.

Pepper
Lea's favorite spice was black pepper. She put it on everything. Her meals often made her sneeze. She made a meal for a date. He thought it was over spiced, but politely thanked her.

The Fabric
Stan put on his skinny jeans and went to work. He had to do a lot of heavy lifting this afternoon. He got into a squat to lift a large box. As he raised the box he hear a rip. Stan put the box down and examined his pants for a rip.

Unpopular Lifeguard
There was a weather prediction of lightning. When the lifeguard checked the sky she saw ominous clouds. She asked everyone to get out of the water. The swimmers all complained. The lifeguard ignored their complaints and cleared the beach.

A pretend flu.
Taylor didn't want to go to school. She had been fighting with friends and was nervous. She decided to pretend she was sick. When her mom came in, she acted ill and said she felt bad. Her mom knew she wasn't really sick but let her stay anyways.

Georgina sneaks a cookie
Georgina loved her mother's lemon cookies. Georgina asked her mother for a cookie. Her mother told her to wait until after dinner. Georgina snuck a cookie. Her mother noticed and didn't allow her to have any more.

Cold Swim
Kay and Beth were at the lake with friends. They decided to go for a swim. All the girls expect Kay ran into the water. Kay started in and was shocked by the cold. She decided to stay on the warm beach instead.

Waiting
Gina's teacher was surprised to see her return from recess early. Gina wanted to search Dave's desk when she was alone. But she didn't want the teacher to know this. Gina made up a story about having a headache. She was happy the teacher believed her story.

New Dress
Asa got a new dress from her parents for her birthday. She promised she would take very good care of it. Asa was playing in the garage and spilled some paint on her dress. When her parents saw paint on the dress she denied she did it. Her parents punished her for lying by grounding her for a month.

Cat Walk
My indoor cat always wants to go outside. I don't want to chase him when he runs from me. I bought him a leash. I thought we could go for walks together. When I put his leash on he sits down and refuses to move.

Nap Time
Today I was trying to get my son Noah to fall asleep for his nap. He was having a hard time falling asleep so I decided to read to him. He started to yawn and I knew he was getting close. I started to yawn and I realized I was tired too. We both fell asleep before I could finish the book.

Car Thief.
John is telling everybody his car got stolen. In reality he wanted to stop and get coffee but couldn't find parking. He ended up circling the block for thirty minutes. Instead of leaving, he parked in a red zone next to a fire hydrant. His car got towed.

Online Surveys
Brad wants to leave his job for something less stressful. His wife makes good money so he doesn't need to be this stressed. He found a job where he can take surveys online for cash. He also would get to work from home whenever he wanted. Brad quit his job that day and now is an online survey taker.

Heard It All Before
Jane was waiting for her son Tony to come home from school. The school bus came, and he didn't get off. This had happened before, so she called Tony's phone. He answered, saying he was staying late for extra help. Jane went to the school and found Tony playing basketball.

Learning to Drive
I never learned to drive a stick shift as a kid. The other day I had to use my friend's car. And of course it's a five speed manual. It took a few minutes but I got the hang of it pretty quick. Now I can drive almost anything.

hitting on a guy
I was recently at a club and saw this attractive guy. I thought, why not go up and talk to him? So, I proceeded to talk across the floor. When I approached him, I greeted him and asked if he was busy. We proceeded to talk all night.

Top Down
Sarah wanted to drive around. It was a nice day. She decided to put the top down on her convertible. It started to rain. She was soaked and had to pull over.

Sore Loser
The teacher told each group that they would get $10 for the best work. Each group worked passionately. Once everyone finished, the teacher announced that my group won. Nancy told the teacher that I was cheating for the entire time. She also decided to walk out of the room.

Blowing Smoke
A boy scout wanted to teach himself how to make smoke signals. He tried to get the smoke right but instead burnt his blanket. In a panic he threw the blanket away, causing a forest fire. The park ranger arrived on the scene and put it out. The scout felt like he achieved mixed success in this effort.

At long last
It was time to announce the first place winner of the debate meet. Martin squirmed anxiously in his seat. In a loud voice, the host announced Martin's name. Martin beamed and practically ran up to the stage. He had never won first place before!

onions
Ted hated onions. His mother tried to get him to eat them. He would spit them out. One day she grilled them with peppers. Ted tried it and loved onions from then on.

piercing
Eva was sixteen and had never been pierced. She decided to get her ears pierced. She went to the mall with her friends. They held her hand while the piercer pierced her ears. To her surprise, it barely even hurt!

A stolen ring.
Desiree was at the pool. She put all of her things in a locker. Then, she put her wedding ring in the locker. When she came back from swimming, she saw that her ring was gone. Soon, she realized that someone had stolen it.

Free Money
Lian walked to his mailbox to get the mail. He came across a $100 bill lying on the floor. He picked it up and went inside. His mom got mad and asked him to return it. He told her that it's impossible since there's no name on it.

Clowns.
Chet was horrified of clowns since age eight. His parents made him to take a picture with one and his fear started. His longterm girlfriend Ariana knew his fear but she had a secret. There was a reason he hadn't got to meet her parents after two Year's. Her dad and mom were both clowns for the local circus.

Bored Room
Jim was sitting alone in his room, bored. He decided to go out and do something. He tagged the stop sign at the end of his street. A cop sat in his cruiser and watched him do it. Jim got sentenced to six months in juvenile detention.

Fish gutting.
Alex was fishing with his dad. He didn't expect to catch anything but he did. His dad told him that he would have to gut the fish himself. He was really grossed out and didn't want to. Finally, he decided to just do it.

Shovel
Ken wanted to earn extra money. He put up fliers in his neighborhood. A few neighbors hired him to shovel their driveways. After a few hours of working, Ken collected his pay. He had earned over thirty dollars!

The house investigation.
Cameron was walking home from school with his friends. Suddenly, they noticed a decrepit old cabin. They dared Cameron to go inside and check it out. Cameron went inside and wandered around a bit afraid. Then, he heard a scary noise and ran out of the house.

DJ and Kurt's Movie
DJ had an idea for a vampire movie. He called Kurt and told him to bring a costume and fake teeth. Kurt went to the store to buy the props. When Kurt arrived at DJ's house, DJ already had the script written. DJ told Kurt he was going to play the main character.

My Lunch
I went into work and forgot my lunch in my car. During my morning break I ran to my car to get it. I grabbed my lunch and rand inside. My break was already half over at this point. I defied the rules and stayed for another 10 minutes on break.

Friends first, Marriage second
Brandon and Courtney were friends in middle school. They reconnected on Facebook when they were in their twenties. They decided to go on a date. They then fell in love. Now Brandon and Courtney are married.

Kelly and the Earrings
Getting her ears pierced was a huge step for Kelly. She tried to act tough, but she had dreaded it for days. She knew it was the only way to get her sister's unwanted earrings. On piercing day she called us to lie about being sick, so we lied too. Being told that we were being given the earrings instead worked!

A walk outside
Joanna was feeling depressed during the day. She thought of going outside to take a walk. Joanna finally got out of the house, after finishing all her work. She saw the bright blue sky and the colorful blooming flowers. Joanna started to feel better.

The Math
Jude was determined to bring his math grade up to an A. He hired a tutor. He studied every day for an extra hour. When the test day came, Jude was ready. He got his test back and made an A.

Spider
Katie was terrified of spiders. One night she saw one in the bathroom. She made her dad go in and get rid of it. When her dad had carried it outside, Katie sighed with relief. Then she ventured back into the bathroom.

Underage Drinking
Sam was in high-school, so he wasn't old enough to drink. All his friends loved to throw parties and drink all night. Sam really wanted to party with his friends, so sneaked out one night. At the party, Sam saw all his drunk friends acting really stupid. It disgusted Sam, so he stayed sober and drove his friends home.

Truck
Dillon loves trucks. One day Dillon saved up enough money for a new truck. He decided to get a green truck. Dillon crashed the truck on the way home. Now Dillon has no truck and no money.

Gender Reveal
Kathy was having a baby. She wanted to wait to find out what she was having. She planned a huge party. Each guest put in their guest during the party. She announced they were having a girl.

The Doctor
Johnny had been very sick all week. Doctor's appointments made him nervous. He decided to wait out his illness. Eventually, Johnny had to go to the emergency room. The doctor said he had a bad case of the flu.

Cake Disaster
Susan loved to bake cakes. She had her first order for a three tier wedding cake. She put dowels in the cake to hold the layers together. She loaded the cake in the car thinking that it would stay in place. As soon as she started to drive the cake fell over.

Ken goes kayaking
Ken's friends wanted to go kayaking. His friends picked him up early on a weekend morning. They went to the river and set up their boat. They all got in and Ken prepared for the wild ride. After much excitement, the crew finished their kayaking trip.

Hollywood fun
Lulu and the girls decided to go away on a girls trip. Everyone was excited. They choose Hollywood. When the girls were done with the trip they met many celebrities. They couldn't wait to return.

Sailboat accident
William took his friends out to the lake for a sailboat ride. They boarded the sailboat and William began to set sail. After they made it into the lake, they felt turbulence. The boat began to collapse and fall apart, as everyone on board fled. William and his friends swam back to shore and went out for dinner.

Comic relief
Rita wanted to become a comic. She was very funny. She was afraid to get on stage though. She forced herself to go on stage at an open mike night. She realized it wasn't as bad as she thought.

Picture Perfect
Geena loved photography. She taught herself how to get great shots. Her friends loved having mini photo  shoots with her. She decided to start a thriving photography business. Geena was happy to be doing what she loved as a job.

Shanghai
Our daughter works for a college in New York. She has to go to Shanghai every year to help conduct a symposium. She did not want to go because her daughter is only 18 months old. She had to go, though, for a week in October. When our daughter returned she hugged her child a lot.

Ms. Jodie
Jodie is Hallie's favorite teacher. Jodie lets Hallie's class take a break. The kids play during the break. They have a lot of fun. This is why Jodie is Hallie's favorite teacher.

Beach house disaster
Kristen invited the girls to her beach house on the water. When the girls arrived, they we're not happy. They saw that Kristen put them up in tiny twin beds. Not to mention they all had to share rooms. Truth be told, the girls were not happy.

Asking for a Raise
Reba marched into her boss's office with a speech prepared. She planned to threaten to quit if she didn't get a raise. Then she saw the stack of bills on the man's desk. She saw the picture of her boss with his wife and kids. Reba walked back to her desk and got back to work.

Pudding Pie
My roommate decided to make a lemon pudding pie. He set to work immediately. He thought it was finished, but the pie was still runny. Somehow, he had ruined the pie. We never figured out what he had done wrong.

The Beach
All the girls at school loved going to the beach and so did Thomas. He never really had the courage to talk to them, but he wanted to. At the beach, Thomas finally got the courage to go over and talk. Becky thought he was shy, but cute. Thomas asked her out on a date and she accepted.

The Clock
John inherited an old clock from his father. It didn't work at all anymore and it took up a lot of space. On his way to throw it in the dumpster he knocked it on a door frame. The clock sprang to life, unstuck now. John kept it to pass down to his kid.

Movie premier fun
Stacey and her boyfriend decided to go to a movie premier. When they saw the movie, they absolutely loved it. To her delight, Stacey saw her favorite celebrities. She immediately ran to get their autograph. When she received it, she was thrilled.

The safety dog.
Justin had recently become homeless. He was learning that it was very dangerous on the street. He decided to get a dog. He found one at a pound. From then on he felt a lot less uncomfortable.

Nasty Food
Bob decided to cook dinner. He decided to make pasta with lemon and capers. He accidentally put too much lemon in the dish. It tasted terrible! Bob decided to throw away the food and order Chinese takeout.

Soup
I was sick. I had no energy to get out of bed. My mother came and fed me soup. The soup made me feel wonderful. I realized how thankful I should be for my family.

The Guinea Pig
Jane's roommate had a pet guinea pig. One day, Jane watched her roommate give the pig a bath. She carefully blew dried its fur. She then powdered its feet. Jane thought her roommate was incredibly silly.

Riptide
John was a fabulous swimmer and went everyday to the beach. While swimming his laps he started getting pulled out to sea. He floated on his back to let it carry him out. When it stopped he was near a fishing boat that pulled him in. The fishing boat brought him back to land and gave him dinner.

Vacation
The Jones family went to the beach every summer. This year they decided to do something different. They decided to go to the mountains. The kids were not happy at first. However, the vacation ended up being fun and memorable.

Talent Show Blunders
My friend Kyle entered the school talent show. He was a great dancer. Before the show, Kyle put on his favorite dancing outfit. He tried a new dance move he'd never done before as his final move. Kyle ripped his pants in front of the whole school.

writing
There was a creative child who wanted to be an author. The mother put her in creative writing classes. She wrote for hours each day. At the end of the schooling she was really good. She was able to land her dream job.

Comics
Charles wanted to write comic strips with a nice message. Charles set to work sketching characters and stories. Charles' characters were beloved almost immediately. Charles used his characters to promote kindness and goodwill. Charles was very happy with his lot in life.

Almost hit.
Janice was walking to the grocery store. She needed to cross one busy highway. At the crosswalk, she pressed the button and waited. When the light turned, she began walking. Suddenly a car sped out in front of her and barely missed hitting her.

The early flight.
Jared was going to visit his family. He needed to wake up early for his flight. That morning, he slept in a bit. He had to rush to the airport. He just barely made it in time for his flight.

The model experience.
Briana was at the mall with her sister. They noticed a big stage that had been set up. They learned that it was a free-for-all modeling contest. They decided to sign up and participate in the show. In the end, Briana did pretty well and made it to second place.

Skinned knee
Cara finally took the training wheels off her bike. She was excited to finally ride the bike without them. Thankfully she was able to take them off. To her surprise however, she fell off the bike. She skinned her knee and needed first aid.

Bone Broth
My brother is a hunter. He decided to give me a turkey that he hunted. I cut up the turkey and was going to throw away the bones. My brother suggested that I make bone broth instead. I made some bone broth and it was tasty!

Wrong Target
My uncle decided to set up some fireworks outside. He set it on fire with a match and several lights sparks. After a few seconds, something landed on my head. I found out that it was burnt pieces of the fireworks. I immediately went inside.

Riding the subway
I was spending a week in new york. I had no transportation or money for a cab. I decided to take a subway to work. I went to the subway station and it was crowded. I rode for an hour very uncomfortably.

Specify No Guys From Prison
Lisa really wanted to find a nice place to meet men. She settled for signing up on a dating website. She met a man she thought was attractive. They met at a restaurant. He didn't have any money because he just got out of prison.

Travel
Carl loved to travel. Carl decided to travel to Vietnam. The plane ride was very long. Carl arrived in Vietnam. After a week, Carl decided he would live in Vietnam.

Janice Rides A Bike
Janice decides she needs to get out of the house. She has heard of a craft festival on the other side of town. Janice takes her bike on the long ride to the craft festival. It feels good to be outside on her bike. When she arrives at the craft festival, Janice feels happy.

New Nails
Laura wanted to get her nails painted. She went to the beauty salon. She got her nails painted pink. Afterwards, she went to the mall. Her friends complimented her new nails.

TV Room Moved
Gina wanted her brother's room when he left. Her parents had set it up as a family room. One day she came home and the family room was moved. It was now near the laundry room. Gina was hopeful she would be getting the empty room.

Pushy Salesperson
Kim wanted a new table. So she decided to go to a furniture shop. She saw a table that looked attractive. But a salesperson talked her into buying another one. Later, Kim regret giving into his advice.

Gifts
Bea loved her kind teachers and wanted to show it. She wanted to give each of them a meaningful holiday gift. But she had 8 teachers and she couldn't afford 8 gifts! Then she devised to bake each teacher a homemade pie for a gift. Her teachers were all so pleased with their special presents!

A trip to a teacher's house.
Briana was riding her bike. She was bored and didn't know what to do. She decided to ride to her teacher's house. When she got there, she knocked on the door. Her teacher was happy to see her and they chatted.

Spider Boot
My shoes were on the porch from the night before. I grabbed them and brought them inside. I put my socks on. I put my left shoe on and felt a sharp bite on my toe. There was a spider in my shoe.

His Excuse
Becky's dad is a cranky old man who doesn't go to family gatherings. Becky decided to plead with him to attend Thanksgiving dinner. He told Becky that he did not feel well enough to go. Becky knew he was lying. Becky does not ask him to attend family gatherings anymore.

Class
Ora wanted to go to public school. She had been homeschooled for ten years and was tired of it! Her mom refused to let her attend public school. But Ora kept begging, and finally her mom agreed. Ora went to public school and made dozens of friends!

Big thunder mountain ride
When I went on the big thunder mountain ride it was scary. I had thought I was going on a kiddie train ride. Then we started going fast. Unexpectedly we dropped. I was so mad I went on that ride.

Detergent Day
Bill smelled his clothes before he put them on. The clothes gave off a nasty odor. Bill collected all his shirts and pants and put them in the washer. He added some extra detergent because they were so bad. The washing machine overflowed a little bit they clothes got clean.

Swimming Pool
Jim sat in the hot sun in his yard. He decided he wanted to go swimming but didn't have a pool. Jim went to the store and bought a pool. Jim went home and set up the pool. Soon Jim was relaxing in his own pool.

heavy box
Tom felt weak. He couldn't lift a 50 pound box at work. He wanted to be stronger. He started working out everyday for 6 months. Today, he lifted a 100 pound box at work.

The age lie.
Shawn wanted to take Sarah on a date. The theater was for people 18 and up, though. Sarah was only 16, so she had to lie about her age. She didn't think that anyone would believe her. Luckily, they did, and they let her in.

Interception
Dan was hoping he got home before his parents left work. He wanted to get his report card from the mail and keep it from them. When he arrived home his mom's car was in the driveway. He looked through the mail, but the report card was gone. His mother took his X-box for a month due to bad grades.

Road Trip
My daughters and I decided to go to the ocean for the weekend. I drove my car and was careful to drive safely on the thruway. My daughter told a funny story and we all laughed hysterically. I realized I was driving too fast when I saw a police car behind me. The fun ended when the  police officer handed me my speeding ticket.

New Desk
The new boy in the class was getting a new desk. The janitor brought it in and set it up. The desk was brand new. Gina looked at her old desk which was covered with scratches. Now, she hated the new boy even more than before.

Wandering Cloud
A man was walking along and saw a cloud he really liked. The wind blew and move the cloud away from him. He decided to follow the cloud as far as he could. The cloud drifted far over mountains. The man waved to the cloud and went home.

I needed new panties.
I found a hole in my panties and decided to get some new ones. I went to the store down the street. After looking over the kinds, I picked one I liked. I went to the register to make my purchase. Afterwards, I went home and put my panties on!

A Place For Us
Eli was part of a misfit group of kids with no place to go. They'd been kicked out of the library and arcade alike. Eli finally found a perfect place for them to hang out. It was an old swimming pool on the edge of town. Eli and the other kids made it into their own private skatepark.

Ellie's Dog
Ellie always wanted to get a dog. Her parents always turned her down because they are very busy. They usually leave early in the morning for work and come home late. When Ellie turned 13, she promised to take care of the dog herself. Her parents trusted her and got her the dog.

Refuse
Gina's teacher was upset she was in a fight. Gina now refused to go the principal's office. The teacher was upset and insisted she leave. Gina became aware of the stares of her classmates. She decided it would be better to just leave.

Crafty
Lola wanted to give her friends scented lotions for Christmas. But she couldn't afford the expensive store prices! Then her mom helped her find a solution. They used a big bottle of plain lotion and added perfume. The lotions came out smelling great and costing very little!

The cold soup.
Naomi was heating up leftover soup. She put the bowl in the microwave for a few minutes. When she went to eat it, she realized that it was still cold. She had to try heating it up several times. Finally, it was warm enough to eat after a lot of cooking.

The Supportive Parents
Emma's parents assumed she would go to their elite alma mater. With her grades and their largesse in donations, she knew she could. But she didn't want to go there. She wanted to follow her boyfriend to the local state school. Though appalled, her parents eventually decided to support her plan.

Crime Pays But Not For Long
Jamal wanted to make money, not go to school. He started hanging with people who considered themselves hustlers. He dropped out of school to hustle in the streets full time. In a year he earned enough money for a small condo. But the police arrested him for selling stolen property.

Guilt
Travis was eating a hamburger. But he couldn't finish it. So he decided to throw it away. But later, he felt guilty about wasting the hamburger. So he decided to eat nothing the whole day.

Back to School
A little girl was very excited to go back to school. The girl loved to read. She couldn't wait to meet new friends and have her own desk. Her mom took her school clothes shopping. The little girl picked out many outfits and a new pair of shoes.

Invisible
Molly had a boyfriend that never paid any attention to her. She felt like she didn't matter and like she was invisible to him. He made her cry all the time and she knew she had to leave him. It wasn't easy to make up her mind to move on from him. She left one day and never went back and he still didn't care.

The Pocket
I put my hands in my pocket when they were cold. My fingers found their way to a hole in the pocket. I flipped out the pocket to observe the hole. I took out my sewing kit to patch it up. Once it was fixed I tugged on it to check for strength.

The dead fish.
Jamie was riding in a canoe. She noticed something white and shiny in the distance. She decided to go and check it out. It took her quite a while to paddle over to the object. When he finally reached it, he saw that it was a dead fish.

Fishing
Bobby was excited to go fishing with his grandpa. They went a few times a year and always had a good time. Grandpa picked him up early because that's when the fish were best. He caught six fish that day. His mom cooked them for dinner that night.

Timmy's Paper Boat
Timmy made a paper boat with his dad. As Timmy put it into creek, he went to the bridge to watch it pass. just as the boat was about to pass by, a frog jumped on it. The paper boat sank into the water as the frog swam away. Timmy was very sad.

Bowling Set
My wife saw a child's bowling set on sale on craigslist. The location was in Waltham. I used a GPS phone app to get there. The set was in good shape. Our granddaughter plays with it when she visits.

The river
Darrell went down by the river to get water for the amp site. When he was down there he found a gold watch. When his camping trip was done he went to the local police. Someone claimed the watch and they were so grateful to Darrell. Darrell felt good that he did the right thing.

Go home
Martha was at the babies doctor's appointment. She wanted to go home. She was growing really hungry. Her head also hurt a lot. Martha ended up going home before they attended her.

Pasta
Tiffany set a pot of water on the stove to boil. She then placed pasta inside. She did not check to make sure it was done. She drained the pasta and mixed in the sauce. The pasta was still hard and the dish was ruined.

Matt and Jessica's Date
Matt went up to Jessica and asked her out on a date. Jessica agreed and both planned to go bowling that night. Matt met with Jessica at the bowling alley and began to play. They both went to dinner afterwards. After dinner, Matt drove her home and kissed her on the cheek.

The Bridge
A construction company wanted to build a bridge over a river. The lead engineer wanted to try out a new technique. He built the bridge without using any concrete or steel. The bridge was held for 45 seconds without collapsing. All the debris blocked the river and created a dam.

Red Light District
The Americans were new in town and looking for something to do. They asked some other tourists where was the best place to go. Quite a few people suggested the red light district. The tourists' faces turned red, but they went out of morbid curiosity. It turns out the district literally sold novelty red lights!

Hungry Turtle
Something was eating the strawberries in Bev's garden. Whatever it was would take big bites out of them. One Saturday morning she went out to water the plants. There was a turtle taking a bite of a big red berry. She thought he was so cute that she couldn't be angry at him.

Jake's new job
Jake was having trouble making ends meet. His job did not give him enough hours and he was behind on rent. He decided to start working on Mturk for extra money. Jake worked long hours the days he did not have to go to work. He made enough money to pay his rent on time!

Early Promotion
Daniel was a very good worker. He decided that he wanted to go for an early promotion in his company. He showed up to work early everyday, and always stayed late. He was one of the best workers in the company. At the end of the year, Daniel earned his early promotion.

Riding a horse
Brittany and Tiffany were twins. Their grandpa put them on top of a horse when they were little. Brittany began to fall, and dragged Tiffany with her. They both fell and hit their heads. Tiffany had to get stitches, but Brittany was fine.

Dan's anger
Dan's friend Jake had a new power wheels truck. Dan was jealous of his friend. When Jake asked Dan to visit Dan declined. Jake was sad Dan wouldn't come over. Dan didn't care if they were never friends again.

Paying With Change
Craig wanted to get rid of change. He went to the store to buy a few things. He wanted to pay with his change. There was a big line behind him. Craig was too shy and just paid with his debit card instead.

Leila's Party
Leila was drained after being sick all week. Her birthday party was tonight, but she was tapped out. Even though she was tired, she pushed herself to get dressed. Her guests started arriving around seven. By the time the cake was cut, Leila felt much better.

Speed Dating
Sandy was excited to go Speed Dating. She was anticipating meeting a lot of nice people, especially guys. She waited patiently at her table for guys to chat with her. She was starting to feel sad as no one appeared to her table. Finally, a nice guy came to her table to chat.

Second Run
Erica collected all the dirty dishes in her house. She put them in the dishwasher and ran it. Two hours later she checked on the dishes. Some of them were not clean enough. Erica put in more soap and ran it again.

Hunter
Kevin loved to hunt. It was his favorite way to pass time. He had killed all types of animals. Kevin's living room was full of taxidermy. He was very proud of his hunting skills.

Jellyfish
My friends and I decided to go swimming in the ocean. We jumped into the cold water. We were swimming for about ten minutes when my friend screamed. He swam to the shore crying. He had been stung by a jellyfish.

Kay
Kay was selling flowers to raise money. She set up her stall in a park. At first she had no customers. But then more and more people came to her stand. She had sold all her flowers within just a few hours!

Creepy Figure
Steven left work one day at night. He began to walk down the sidewalk to his house. Suddenly, Steven noticed a figure was walking behind him. After walking a long time, Steven continued to be followed. He panicked after a while and decided to go into a local cafe.

Vain
Kevin wanted to gain muscle. So he started lifting weights. After a few months, he became noticeably stronger. And he posted pictures of himself for everyone to see. Kevin wanted to be stronger so he could post more pictures of himself.

Not an Expert
Janice decided to bring her baby to my house. She asked me if I want to hold him. Although I was nervous, I said yes. She handed the baby to me. After a few seconds, he began to cry violently.

The Park at Night
Amy, Lynn, and Kim were at the park. They were supposed to meet some boys from Lynn's block. It was a cool fall night, and they girls were getting cold. After 10 minutes they began to think they weren't coming. Finally they saw 2 of the boys walking towards the park.

The soup spill.
Andy had just made some soup in the microwave. It was too hot to hold so he grabbed a towel to use like a pot holder. As he was walking, he tripped. The soup spilled everywhere because he had no grip on it. He had to clean it all up and had no more soup to eat.

A Boat To Live In
John was a seaman and a fisherman, even as a teenager. When he turned eighteen, he didn't want to go to college. He asked his parents for a loan to buy a house. They said no and forced him to enroll in college. John went to Long Beach State and bought a boat with a student loan.

Lester Works Out
Lester wants to find a way to meet girls. His friends recommend he try working out to get in better shape. Lester begins lifting weights and jumping rope. Finally he is in terrific physical shape. However, he still hasn't been able to meet any girls.

State troopers
While driving to work the other day four cars zoomed by. Next thing I know a state trooper pulled them all over. He was yelling for all four cars to move over. I had never seen four pulled over at the same time. Now I know that just because you are in a group you are safe.

The mistake
Ashley went to the store with her toddler to pick up a few things. She was distracted while trying to find what she was looking for. The store was out and she left to go somewhere else. As she got in the car, she noticed her son holding a new teddy bear. Too embarrassed to go back in, she quickly drove off.

Nervous Mom
Marie was proud to bring her new boy to meet his grandparents. She was also nervous bringing the toddler to their fancy home. Marie watched as the little boy eyed his grandma's curios. She felt more relaxed when they sat down to supper. Then, the toddler reached and grasped the butter in his hand.

The Fair
John was excited to go to the fair. He had saved up money to have lemonade and funnel cake. As he waited to pay he saw a dirty child in shabby clothing. The boy was clearly hungry. John quietly handed his food to the boy as he walked by.

Not looking behind
Terry hosted a garage sale in front of her house. Someone came by and asked for the price of the DVD set. After she told him that it was $10, he said he'll take it. Terry turned around to take out the cash register. When she looked back, the guy ran across the street with the DVD.

Tina's First Hike
Tina decided that she wanted to take up hiking. Her friends were going hiking that afternoon. She asked if she could come along. Tina and her friends hiked for several hours. Tina decided that hiking wasn't for her.

Bank Robbery
Jenny was standing at the help desk at a bank one day. Suddenly, a masked man entered the bank and ran at her. She put her hands in the air as the man asked for money. She handed all of the money to the man in the mask. The man fled and then the police arrived as Jenny cried.

A fishing trip on the river.
We decided we wanted to go fishing last weekend. After thinking about it, we decided on a river close to our home. Once we arrived at the river we got all of our gear together. After throwing the first line we got a nibble. We ended up catching a bunch of fish that day!

The Ballet
Greta wanted to go to the ballet. Her husband hated the ballet. He wanted to surprise her. He bought ballet tickets to the Nutcracker. For date night, he took Greta to the ballet.

Ocean
I went to the beach. It was my first time seeing an ocean in real life. I decided to take a dip in the water. Then, I noticed all the pollution in the water. I became grossed out and decided to leave.

The Move
Margaret lived in Oakland. She wanted to move to New York. She called her family in New York to ask if she could stay with them. They agreed to let her live with them for four months. Margaret moved to New York to live with her family.

Hiccups before the show.
Madison was starring in a play. She was about to go on stage when she got the hiccups. One of her friends stuck her hand under her mouth. She told her to hiccup into her hand. Madison tried, but couldn't- her hiccups disappeared.

Eyesight
John wore his glasses every day. He noticed that he could not see perfectly with them. He went to the optometrist to get his eyes checked. The eye doctor gave him a weaker prescription than he had before. John bought new glasses that gave him perfect vision.

Boating Accident
My friend invited us to the lake last weekend. We grilled out and had some beers. He decided to take us out on the boat. Unfortunately he had too much to drink. He wound up crashing into the peer.

Animal Mischief
John got a new cat and was worried how it would take to the old one. He tried everything but the old cat would always act mean. One day the old cat was stuck in a box and the young cat helped it. Ever since they became best friends. John was so happy with the result, he got another cat.

The Wreck
Joel and I went out for a drive last Sunday. Joel had brought along a case of beer and was wanting to booze cruise. We ended up finishing the case a couple hours later. Joel decided to drive his pickup as fast as possible and we wrecked. This Sunday I'm at Joel's funeral.

Late Again
I woke up late for work this morning. In my rush to get ready I left my watch on my nightstand. When I arrived at work I was late. My boss asked me if I knew how late I was. Since I didn't have my watch I told him I did not know.

School Dance
Samantha did not have anybody to go with to the school dance. On the last day, she was happy that her friend Bob asked her to go. The two went to the dance and had a great time. Eventually they started dating. They eventually fell in love and got married.

Paper
Tyler procrastinated hard on a paper for school. The night before it was due, he had to stay up to finish. He got almost no sleep, but he turned the paper in on time. When grades came back, he found out he had done poorly on the paper. Now he plans ahead and doesn't procrastinate anymore.

Broken Vending Machine
A man went to a vending machine to get a soda. He put in some money and pressed a button. No soda came out. He shook the machine hard in anger. The machine fell over with a loud thud.

Fishing trip
A man took his son out on a lake. They were looking to bring home a fish dinner. The son caught a huge perch. He felt bad seeing it flop around. The son let the fish go when his dad wasn't looking.

Mall meet up
The new mall just opened down the street from Natalie and she went. She decided to invite about six friends to come with her. She wanted to go to the new restaurant as well. The girls had a blast at the new mall. She couldn't wait to go back.

The Band Shirt
I went to see my favorite band last Friday. They put on a great show. I had such a good time that I decided to buy a shirt. They had a large selection. I picked my favorite and bought it.

GED
Ricky wanted to take the GED test. He thought he was pretty smart. But then he tried a practice GED and he failed it. Ricky was very surprised. He realized he had a lot of studying to do!

Cheer Up
Amy was disappointed she didn't get to play in her first game. Her mom was waiting for her when the bus arrived at the school. Her mother could tell she was on the verge of tears. Her mother reminded her it was only the first game She would have plenty of chances to play later.

The Missed Meal
Jess woke up in the morning late for work. Jess skipped her breakfast so she could catch the bus. Jess made it to work on time but felt very hungry. While working at her desk, Jess felt lightheaded. Jess ate a very large lunch because she was so hungry.

Body Image
Fred wanted to get in shape. His best friend Jeff was a personal trainer. He asked Jeff for some help and advice. Jeff set him up a meal plan and workout routine. Within two Year's Fred was in great shape.

First Day Gone Wrong
My aunt decided to bring her son over. Before tutoring him, I asked what lesson plan he's on. He gave me a brief response. In addition, he didn't say much when I was helping him out. We ended up finishing nothing for the day.

putting up Christmas lights
Gerhard decided to put lights on the house for Christmas. He got out the string of lights from the box. Gerhard then got on the ladder to put them up. He attached the lights to the small nails at the edge of the roof. He then tested the lights after getting down to the outlet.

Fence
I wanted to get a new backyard fence. I hired a general contractor. I didn't realize how loud the remodeling would be! My neighbors got mad at me and complained to the HOA. The HOA fined me for noise disturbance.

Ornaments
From across the country, Joan's sister sent ornaments for her tree. Joan thought the ornaments were ugly, so she put them aside. Next year, Joan's sister called to say she was visiting for Christmas. When Joan's sister arrived, she admired the decorations. As they both gazed at the tree, Joan remembered the ornaments.

Not as easy as it seems
Tom was watching basketball with his friend Jamal. They decided to go outside and try to dunk like they do on TV. Jamal got his first dunk in easily. Tom now tried and hit the rim hard, and fell harder. Tom hurt his ankle, and found out the hard way it's not easy to dunk.

Curling iron accident
Kelsi was doing her friend Stacy's hair for the ball. She wanted to give her curls. She took the curling iron and started curling. To her dismay, Kelsi burnt Stacy. Kelsi apologized and felt terrible.

Swimming in the pool
It was a hot summer day. I needed a way to cool off. I put on my swimming trunks. I went outside into the backyard. I hopped in the pool and cooled off.

The Surfer
Josh decided he was going to go surfing. He got dressed in his wetsuit. Then he packed up his surfboard and drove to the beach. He went out in the water and there were no waves. Josh was angry that he did all that for nothing.

The Hangover
Elliot woke up with a bad hangover. He struggled to get ready and make it to work. While at work, Elliot fell asleep at his desk. His boss nudged him on his shoulder, to no avail. Elliot woke up in the evening to discover everyone had gone home.

Time Out
Everyone went to bed since it was 10 at night. Jenny was moving around her bed since she couldn't go to sleep. She got up and decided to watch television. Her dad eventually found out. As a result, he punished her.

The King
Prince John was a young man from a very large family. He longed to be king. He knew he would have to wait for quite sometime. The king abdicated and John's sibling did not want the crown. John would become king soon.

Visit
Rick went to visit his dad in Albion. Halfway home, he realized he could not find his phone. He drove all the way back to Albion. Then he got out and searched the ground. Sure enough, he found the phone he had dropped!

The Storm
All of a sudden the sky grew dark and dreary. Then the rainy started to pour down. It didn't take long at all before we had puddles everywhere. I put on my rainy boots and started splashing in all of them. Before I knew it, I was wet head to toe.

Bad Soccer Strategy
Tim's soccer team was behind by three goals during the second half. Tim was determined to leave the game having scored at least once. For that reason Tim resorted to pushing and shoving the enemy players. The referee noticed and flashed Tim a red card on his second offence. Tim sulked as he had to spend the rest of the game on the bench.

Rare Bald Eagle
Tiffany was taking photos in the park one day. The park was very boring, and she could not get any good pictures. Tiffany began to feel doubt about her abilities. Suddenly, a bald eagle flew down and perched right near her. Tiffany excitedly took pictures of it and felt reinvigorated.

A Friend Day
Elizabeth wanted to go visit her friend. She got in her car and drove to her friend's house. Her friend was very happy to see her. The two friends had a wonderful day. At the end of the day, Elizabeth went back home.

The art competition.
Cassidy was working on an art project. Her teacher noticed. She suggested that Cassidy enter it into a contest. Cassidy agreed and submitted her piece. She ended up winning a ribbon.

Pageant
Eve had competed in pageants before. She had never competed for a state title. She decided to give it a try. She made all the necessary preparations. She won the crown.

Momma
Momma loves her kids. Momma wanted her kids to do well. She wanted them to get ahead. Momma enrolled her children in French classes. Her children are now going to France.

Shy Serena
Serena was a quiet girl and never got to go to parties. She grew tired of staying at home alone all weekend. She decided to throw a big party at her home to make new friends. She set everything up perfectly and watched as her guests mingled. They all had a great time at her party!

The Turtle In the Road
While driving home from the grocery, we saw something in the road. Just as we passed it, we realized it was a turtle. The turtle was trying to cross the road, but there were a lot of cars. I slammed on the brakes and stopped the car. Timmy jumped out and picked up the turtle, carrying him to safety.

Bowling Surprise
Sam thought no one remembered his birthday. His friend Ted came over as usual so they could go bowling. At the bowling alley all his friends and family surprised him! They planned his birthday party months earlier. Sam now knows his friends would never forget his birthday.

Going to the playground.
Susie went to the playground last night. It took her a while to get there. While she was walking she encountered another friend. The friend was also going to the playground. They went together.

Lost
Jim went hiking one afternoon. But he didn't bring a map because he felt he knew the area well. He got lost for several hours. And he was forced to call for help. Jim always brought a map on his hiking trips from then on.

Going Swimming at the Pool
I love to swim at the pool. I put on my swimsuit and some sunblock. Next, I put towels in my swim bag. My mom drives me to the city pool. Finally, it's time to swim!

Playing paintball
I went to go hang out with my friends. We went to a local paintball place. We put on our gear and chose teams. We ran through the land and played for a few hours. Afterwards, I lost but had a lot of fun.

window
Tim was playing with his baseball outside. One eager throw broke a neighbor's window! Ashamed, Tim ran inside to tell his mom. His mom made him go and apologize to the neighbor. Luckily, the neighbor didn't ask Tim to pay for the window.

Connor's surprise
Connor was trying to decide what to do for his birthday. He had given up, because his day fell on a Monday. He decided to go downstairs and watch TV. Soon as he got to his couch he heard "Surprise!" He was so happy that his family and friends surprised him.

I bought a new dog!
I needed to get a new pet for my house! After doing some searching around, I decided on a lab. I went to look at a little puppy in another town. I loved him! It wasn't long before I had him home!

Pedigree
Tom entered his dog into a dog show. He made it to the finals with several other dogs. But his dog Fido had to go potty. And decided to do so right on the show floor. Tom nor Fido won anything that day.

Daisy
Daisy wanted nothing more than to move out of her parent's house. She found an apartment but couldn't afford it since she didn't work. Her dad said he wouldn't help her out either. She found a job but it didn't pay very well. She finally came to her senses and stayed at home.

Attention-Seeker
Jo was jealous because her co-workers had many dates. To get attention, she invented a story about a guy stalking her. She showed her co-workers letters and flowers from the fake stalker. Then, there was a report about a dangerous stalker on the news. Jo's co-workers took her to the police station to make a report.

Car Safety
Sam was driving his friends around. One friend didn't want to put on his seat belt. Sam insisted that he should. The friend kept refusing until Sam slammed on the breaks. Sam's friend was upset but obliged.

The cookie fail.
Dana was making Christmas cookies. She mixed the dough and put it on the table. Then, she rolled it out and started cutting shapes. As she transferred the shapes to the pan, they fell apart. They still tasted good but they looked like crap.

Drive Carefully
Yolanda was in a bad car accident when driving in the rain one day. Her feet were nearly crushed, and her shins were broken. She was completely unable to walk on her own at first. After 3 surgeries and lots of therapy, she is now back on her feet. Yolanda now campaigns to raise awareness of safe driving practices.

Soapy Mess
I was washing dishes for a long time last night. My hands got so soapy and wrinkly that I could barely hold anything. When I tried to grab a glass in the soapy water it slipped. The glass fell and shattered on the ground. I took relief in knowing that at least I didn't already clean it.

Long Hike
Two friends went on a hike in the woods. They decided to take an unmarked trail. After a while on the unmarked trail they were lost. One friend suggested they followed the nearby river back. The river led them right back to their car.

Speed Limit
John was going 60 mph. He went over the bridge and the speed dropped to 45 mph. John continued to go 60 mph. John got pulled over by a policeman. John got a ticket for speeding.

Megan's Art
Megan liked to create art. On the weekends, she would sit and draw, paint, and color. Every Monday, Megan would bring her artwork into her class. Her friends and teachers all admired her skill. She eventually became a great artist.

Waterworld
Jim was going to Waterworld. Waterworld was a theme park in his city. Sam wanted to go too. However, Sam didn't know how to swim. Jim decided to hold off on the trip and teach Sam to swim.

Bobby's Battle
Bobby was sick of getting bullied at school. Bobby decided to go to a gym to train. After a few months, Bobby was very strong and fought the bully! The bully saw how strong he was and decided not to fight him. After that day, Bobby was never bullied again.

kite
Anne went to the park with her dad. There, she unfurled her kite. Her dad helped her get it airborne. Then he helped her fly it. They flew Anne's kite all afternoon!

Cloned Sheep
The group of scientists went on a field trip to visit Dolly. It's not really Dolly, but one of her descendants that they saw. The laboratory opened their facilities to the scientists. After their tour, they went back to their private research. Since the trip, they have had heated discussions on cloning issues.

Seafood
When my boyfriend and I went to the DR, we ate very well. I'm a seafood lover and wouldn't leave DR without eating some. When we found a seafood restaurant, I was floored. The seafood was at least 50% bigger and juicier than in the states! Needless to say, I haven't had anymore seafood here in the US since.

Colorado
When I was thirteen, my mother took me to Colorado for the first time. She always wanted to show me the place she went when she was young. It was beautiful and I loved it. Since then, I have been hoping to move to Colorado. I will get a chance to move there next year.

Learning to drive.
I wanted to learn to drive one summer. I asked my dad and he said he would teach me. Every day, I would spend 15 minutes in the car. This eventually added up and I got better and better. By the end of summer, I could drive very well.

The Thief
Amy was sitting at a bar with her friends and put her phone down. All of a sudden, she looked down and her phone wasn't there. She questioned the guys next to her and they promptly got up and left. She called the police but they took their time getting to the bar. Amy never got her phone back.

New Couch
Stephanie wanted a new couch. She convinced her husband to go shopping for one with her. They looked at several and couldn't agree on one. They found a leather couch that reclines and both loved it. Stephanie is so proud of her new couch.

Javier Learns to Drive
Javier has always wanted to be more independent. He decides to learn to drive to be less dependent on his parents. He works very hard to learn how to drive and park. Finally he is an expert driver. Javier loves his newfound independence.

Tsunami
Jake went to stay at his family's coastal cab for a week. He went to rest one day on a rainy afternoon. Jake woke up to a sudden shaking of his whole house. He knew this would not be good, so he ran to higher ground. Just as Jake got to the top of the hill, a massive tsunami came in.

Inner tube accident
Mikey and his friends went to the lake. They went onto a boat and prepared to ride a tube. When the boat was moving, people began to climb onto the tube. After the boat sped up, the inner tube popped and everyone flew off. Mikey and his friends swam back to the boat and felt sad.

Roller Skating
One time, in high school, I went roller skating with my friends. It was the first time I had ever been roller skating. After an hour or so, I got to the point I could stay on my feet! That is, until I accidentally ran into a poor little girl. Thankfully she was okay and forgave me for my poor skating ability!

The Bad Dream
Jason had a bad dream. He woke up suddenly was scared. He couldn't go back to sleep. Jason decided to get up and watch TV. Eventually he fell asleep again in front of the TV.

Cat in Hall
My brother's cat likes to leave the apartment. One day my brother went to work. He came home and found the cat in the hall. She had sneaked out when he opened the door. The cat was hungry and went home eagerly.

Nick Has an Accident
Nick loved to drive very fast on the roads near his home. One evening he was driving in foggy weather. A deer jumped out in front of his car. Nick hit the deer with his car. From that day forward, Nick decided not to drive so fast.

Grill
Ben wanted to grill some Meat. He put on some dogs and burgers. Then he had a few beers. Suddenly he remembered to check the meat! It was too late - everything had burned.

Valentine Surprise
JoAnne was at the bus stop on Valentine's Day. She was surprised she didn't get flowers at work. She was wondering if her husband forgot about the holiday. A car pulled up right before the bus came. The driver was her husband with a bouquet of flowers.

Walking Versus Bus
Alex needed to go to school. She hated taking the yellow bus with all the little kids. She knew it would take almost an hour to walk to school. She put on her walking shoes and headed out. The walk to school took her 55 minutes.

Sugar
Alice liked candy a lot. But it would get her really hyper. One day after Easter she ate all her candy. But she crashed the same day mid-afternoon. Her parents keep an eye on her candy intake now.

Going on vacation
After a lot of discussion we decided to leave for vacation early. Getting on the plane, we settled in for a long ride. It took three hours. Once we landed, we were in Costa Rica! The weather was beautiful and we were happy to make it.

Terry
It was Terry's day off from work. Terry did not want to spend all day at home. Terry called his friend Mike to hang out. Terry and Mike decided to go out for Coffee at a diner. After paying his bill Terry went back home.

The Alley
Lucy wasn't allowed to go into the street, or the alley. Lucy's friend Lisa wanted to show her something cool in the alley. Lucy knew she shouldn't go, but wanted to be cool. As they walked down the alley Lucy's grandpa pulled up. Lucy was forced to go sit in her room for the rest of the day.

Hair
Michael has beautiful hair. He needs money due to losing his job. Unfortunately, nobody will give Michael a job. Michael decides to cut his hair and sell it. He sells his hair to a wig maker and is able to pay his bills.

Greg's Birthday
Greg's eighteenth birthday was coming up. He couldn't wait to be considered an adult. Things would be so much easier for him. His parents told him he had to start paying for his own car insurance. Putting a damper on his birthday, Greg had a good time anyways.

Gravy
Grandma loved her gravy. She would make it all the time. During the holidays she would put extra care into it. But this year she ran out of a special ingredient. Nobody liked her gravy this year.

Long Line
Susan had run out of allergy medication. Susan asked her husband to pick up her prescription. He drove by the pharmacy on his way home from work. The line at the drive through window was 6 cars long. He decided to go back later.

Over-reacting
John came home exhausted. Since he was in his bed for a while, his parents was concerned. They constantly took his temperature and begged him to go to the nurse Since he knew that his condition was temporary, he remained quiet. Eventually, he started to feel better.

The lost charm.
Max was about to run at a track meet. Suddenly, he realized that his good luck charm was missing. He frantically searched for it. Luckily, his mom found it on the car floor. Max grabbed it and then ran really well in his event.

Golf
Joe thought it looked like a great day to play golf. The sun was out and the temperature was perfect. He decided to leave work early and go play. As he was halfway through his game, a thunderstorm came. He had to seek shelter fast.

Admissions delight
Kelly had applied to Harvard a couple months ago. She now was waiting for the admissions decision. She prayed every night before bed that she would get in. Yesterday she got the letter in the mail and opened it. She was accepted and Kelly felt elated.

Jacob the Treasure Hunter
Jacob was a young, eager treasure hunter. His recent expedition was to try and find the Lost Jewel of Egypt. He discovered the pyramid rumoured to contain the treasure. With his secret map he scoured the tombs and found the jewel. Although it was dangerous, Jacob was happy with his job.

Walking to Church.
Angel wanted to go to church. She had no transportation. She knew it would take an hour to walk to the church if she walked. She put on her walking shoes and started walking. She arrived five minutes before the service began.

The vlog challenge.
Amy liked watching videos on Youtube. She had learned about a challenge to post videos every day. She decided to go for it. At first, she was having a really hard time keeping up. Luckily she was able to do it and she really loved it.

Chance
Sarah and Jean were driving home from a far away amusement park. Sarah asked Jean if she wanted to stop and get something to eat. The innocent question swirled around in Jean's overly careful mind. Jean hesitantly decided that they should stay on the freeway. Later, they rear-ended a slow driver who wrongly cut into their lane.

Finals Week
Trevor fell very ill during finals week at college. He emailed all his professors telling them he was sick. All of his professors said that he could take his finals later. A week later, Trevor felt better. He took his finals and aced them all.

Molly goes to the dog park
Molly was a puppy She was so full of energy She loved to play outside and go the dog park One day her owner brought her to the dog park She was so excited to play with all the other dogs

Jimmy's Prank
Jimmy decided to play a prank on his teacher. He put a thumbtack on her chair when she wasn't looking. Soon he heard a scream, and saw that she was in pain. Jimmy hadn't realized his prank might really hurt her! Jimmy decided not to play any more pranks after that.

Ocean
I lived in Kansas for my entire life. I had never seen an ocean. I decided to take a road trip to Malibu beach. Finally, I saw an ocean in real life! It was nothing spectacular.

Going fishing
I woke up one very early weekend morning. I put on my clothes and left my house. It was dark still when I arrived at the pond. I sat on my boat for hours waiting for a bite. Finally, I went home after catching several fish.

Lunch
Today, I made lunch to bring to school with me. I made a sandwich with roast beef, pickles, and cheese. I also put a bag of chips in my lunch. I took it to school and had it at lunch time. I was really glad I had made myself lunch.

Silly Sue
Sue's friends called her Silly Sue because she was so funny and cute. Sue's mom worried that Sue wouldn't get a job being funny, though. Then Sue got an audition at a comedy club. The patrons loved her, and Sue was hired immediately! Sue's mom was so happy, she almost cried!

Notes Exposed
I wrote a note in class. I tried to catch Jim's attention in order to pass it to him. However, my teacher noticed me. She took the note away and read it out loud. The entire class was laughing.

The Speech
Jeff had to give a speech at his job next month. It was going to be in front of the entire company. Jeff was nervous because he gets stage fright. He took a crash course of public speaking which helped him a lot. By the time the day came to give the speech Jeff was confident!

The Zoo
Alissa was babysitting some children on a Saturday. They were feeling very bored. Alissa decided to take them to the zoo for entertainment. They went and the children had a great time. Alissa was glad she was able to give them a fun day.

Nowhere to be Found
I was helping Leidy with her science fair project tonight. After she turned it in, she thanked me for all her help. A week later, I called her to arrange another meet-up. She didn't' respond until next month. The message says that she had to walk her dog and couldn't come.

Picture day
It was Ariana's first day of school and picture day. She tried looking her absolute best for the day. As soon as she sat in the chair to get it taken, she tensed up. She hated picture day. However thankfully the pictures came out good.

Jake Falls Off Ladder
Jake's cat was stuck in the tree. He tried to climb a ladder to get him. Jake fell off the ladder and fell down. His cat climbed down the tree by herself. Jake's cat went to lick him afterwards.

Ali and Amy
Ali's sister Amy was going to her friend May's house. Ali's mom made her go with Amy. Amy told Ali her friend Mary had a sister the same age as Ali. Amy couldn't remember the name of the little sister. Upon arrival Ali was horrified to see the sister was the bully Val.

Fight
Larry and his girlfriend go into an argument over money. Larry ended up pushing his girlfriend. The girlfriend called the police. The police came and arrested Larry for domestic violence. Larry went to jail.

Creamer and Milk
As a child I hated drinking white milk. As I grew into adulthood I always wanted to drink it. I just couldn't get over the taste. One day I poured coffee creamer in a cup of milk and it tasted yummy. Now when I want milk I just add some creamer to it.

Cruise Ship Disaster
Harry was on a cruise ship for vacation. He was tired from the night before and decided to take a swim. Afterwards he decided to go tanning. All of a sudden a strong wind blew him off the edge of the boat. The coast guard was nearby to rescue him with their boat.

Football Practice
Adam tried out for the football team his junior year. He didn't make the team because he couldn't catch the ball. Adam was devastated but he was determined to get better. He practiced all winter, catching ball after ball. He tried out the next year and was the star of the team.

Jay
Jay forgot his insulin shot before he went to work. while he was at work he began to feel funny. Then he remembered that he forgot to take his shot. He had his friend drive him home so he could take his shot. Jay got his shot and everything turned out alright.

Gameshow
Tim loved The Price is Right. He was surprised when get tickets to the show. He was even more surprised when he got called on stage. He didn't win anything other than a consolation prize. He loved the experience more than enough to make up for it.

Rainy Day
Thomas wanted to take a walk to the store. It was raining, so he brought an umbrella. The wind snatched Thomas' umbrella way. Thomas got very wet chasing his umbrella. When he finally caught it, it had stopped raining.

The car crash
Kelly used to enjoy driving. She had a job where she had to drive around the country. Once she even drove from Michigan to Arizona and back for work. Long distance driving was a lot of fun until the accident. Kelly's car was totaled and now she doesn't drive anymore.

Home is where the...
Alex had gotten into a situation at school. He vowed he would run away if his parents made him go back. They decided to homeschool Alex. He was ecstatic! Alex's joy dissipated when he realized it meant he couldn't slack off.

One With The Fishes
Ayla started to learn to cook at a young age. Her mother took her to a fish market to get a whole fish. She put it on the cutting board and its dead eyes looked at her. She couldn't bring herself to filet it. Ayla hasn't eaten fish since that day.

Crush
Jane was at the roller rink with her friends. She spotted her crush across the room. Jane decided to get his attention by dancing while skating. She began to dance and noticed her crush was watching her. Jane got too excited and embarrassingly fell while he was watching.

Hide and Seek
Isabella loves to play with her older sister. Isabella's favorite game is hide and seek. She is a better hitter than her older sister. Isabella his way back in the closet. Her older sister couldn't find her for more than 10 minutes.

A test
Ryan had studied hard for the test. He didn't get much sleep the night before. He was really nervous before the test. The teacher passed out the tests. It was the easiest test Ryan ever took.

Emergency Toll Road
Janette started a drive from Dallas to Wichita. On the outskirts of Denton, her stomach started to hurt. She then bought some crackers to settle her stomach. After 2 hours, she checked into the local emergency room. The main surgeon of the hospital removed her appendix just in time.

Two Hand Touch
The quarterback tried to reached the goal. Several people were trying to approach him. I ran alongside the quarterback to protect him. As a result, I blocked a few touches. The quarterback ran across the goal to give us more points.

Victoria The Super Model
Victoria always took too long to do her hair. She was getting ready to go out to the movies today. She took 2 hours to put on her make-up and do her hair. By the time she got to the movie, it was already over. Victoria was able to snag a ticket to the next showing.

First Baseball Game
Ben took his son to his first baseball game. They both brought baseball gloves to the game. Ben was able to get seats near the field. In the ninth inning, a foul ball came their way. Ben's son caught the foul ball.

My Sister
My sister is amazing! For my birthday she got me tickets to my favorite band. She is going to go with me to the concert. She said she's going to take me to dinner before the show. This is one of the best birthdays ever.

Prom Dress
Nicole was excited that Mike asked her to the prom. Nicole said yes but realized that she would need to get a dress. Nicole and her friends went to a dress shop downtown. Nicole tried on several different dresses until she found the one. Nicole purchased the dress to wear to the prom with Mike.

Hit from Behind
The class was playing Heads up Seven up. Most of us put our heads down. Those who had to choose people placed their thumbs down. When the teacher told everyone to get up, I moved my head fast. I ended up hitting Sally on the stomach with my head.

Ballet
Sierra has been taking ballet lessons since she was four. She worked hard year after year to get better. She was determined to be a professional dancer. She tried out for a broadway studio after graduation. Her hard work paid off and she got the job.

The Dean
Vince just got hired as a college dean at a nice school. He's excited because he has worked very hard to get this job. He has an education degree as well as a management degree. He then worked ten years as a teacher before applying to this job. He feels very accomplished of all his hard work.

Stay at Home Dad
Jane was a stay at home mother. She thought being at home was boring. She wanted to work outside of the home. Jane couldn't afford daycare for her child. Jane's husband became a stay at home father so she could work.

starfish
Cora was on the beach. She saw the tide go out. She went to examine the tide pools left behind. She was amazed at what she found. There were two starfish in the tide pool!

Trip to France
Lucy and her husband went on a trip to France. They thought it would be a romantic trip. The two of them went to stay at a fancy hotel. They saw all the landmarks. However to their surprise, Lucy got pregnant.

Loading up the car.
Gemma was about to leave on a trip. First she had to load up the car. She started by loading all of the bags into the back. Then, she packed some smaller items like food. Finally, she was ready to go.

Orsay
Kate was visiting Paris and she had already seen the Louvre museum. But she liked Impressionist paintings best. She decided to go to the Musee d'Orsay to see the Impressionist works. When she arrived, she gaped in open mouthed awe and wonder. Kate was taken aback by the beauty of the Musee d'Orsay!

Susan Wins a Drawing Contest
Susan was a great artist. She decided to enter herself into a drawing contest at her school. Susan great a lifelike portrait of herself. She entered her painting into the contest. Susan found out she placed 1st place and won $100 in the mail.

Eunice Tries the Cheese
Eunice lived her whole life without tasting cheese. She was afraid that it would upset her stomach. One day Eunice decided to give cheese a try. She loved the cheese that she tried! Eunice only wished that she had opened her mind to cheese earlier.

Bad Hit
A thunderstorm started outside. I tried to move  under a building in avoid being wet. However, a gust of wind occurred. A small post flew out. It knocked me out since it was moving.

Haircut
Julie's hair was getting very long. Her mother suggested she get a haircut. Julie made an appointment at the beauty shop. The stylist cut Julie's hair in a pretty style. Julie was happy with her new haircut.

Ritual
Sam was getting ready for his bowling match that night. He took out his ball and placed his fingers in it. He wouldn't let go until his first turn. Sam had to have his friend drive him to the alley because of the ball. On his first turn he rolled a perfect strike.

The Nosey Pelican
Today I went for a walk on the beach. The sun was so warm and the ocean waves so calming that I got sleepy. I lay down on the warm sand and fell asleep but only for a moment. Almost immediately I felt someone was watching me. I opened my eyes and a huge pelican was standing just a few feet away.

The Kitten
Joanna had to move to a senior living home. She had a hard time making friends with the residents. Joanna started to become depressed and lonely. Her daughter went and bought her a kitten for a companion. Joanna was thrilled to have a kitten and her depression went away.

Fishing
Frank loved to go fishing. Frank decided to go to the lake to fish. Frank grabbed his fishing gear from the garage. He then drove down to his favorite fishing spot. Frank was going to enjoy his day of fishing.

The Family Goes To Hawaii
The family went to Hawaii over the summer. They took an 8 hour plane ride to the island of Oahu. Afterwards they checked into their 4 star hotel. They were tired from traveling so they took a quick nap. They woke up feeling refreshed and had a big breakfast in the lobby.

The Library with Gramma
Today was Monday, the day Nora went to the library. Nora's Mom had to work, so Gramma offered to take Nora They got to the library very early for story time. The book for storytime was Curious George. Nora loves Curious George books.

Digging My Car
The snow storm finished, and I had to dig out my car. To dig out my car, I used my blue metal shovel. I'd take a shovel full of snow and add it to the pile next to the car. The pile of snow got larger and larger. When I finished, the snow pile was larger than the car!

Unbelievable
Charles got drunk and was scared to go in the house with his mother. He fell asleep in his car in a parking lot of a park. He woke up and couldn't believe what he saw. He saw his ex-girlfriend kissing a guy in the rain. He started his engine and went home before he had a fight in the park.

Attention Seekers
Kale wanted to become a journalist. He wanted the ability to get to the news before anyone else. After joining a news magazine, he enjoyed it for some time. After a while, he realized that a lot of the job was just propaganda. He quit the job after some irrational stories were requested.

Taken Away
Jimmy wanted a pet dog. He promised to take care of it. His parents got him one as long as he kept his word. Jimmy stopped taking care of the dog. His parents were forced to take it away.

Circus
Linda loves clowns. She desperately wanted to go to the circus. On her birthday, her parents took her to the circus. She had a wonderful time. The clowns were wildly hilarious.

Mild Mistake
Brad was trying to fix his aligners. He stepped out of class in order to go to the bathroom. Once he saw himself in the mirror, he tried to pull the aligners out. Instead, he broke the top layer of the aligner. His teeth was numb for several hours.

Tom gets a Toy
Tom was in the store with his mother. When they passed the toy aisle he ran into it. He asked his mother if he could get one. He spent a few minutes of deciding which one to get. Tom left the store with his new toy.

Night out
Karla wanted to go out with her friends for dinner. She still had to feed her own kids and do some cleaning. She put a roast and vegetables in the oven and began to clean. She started room by room to clean and within an hour she was done. She took the food out of the oven and fed her family and left.

Oversleeping
Adam had a big meeting at work the next day. He needed to go to bed earlier than usual. He made sure to set an alarm so he would not be late. His alarm did not go off like it was supposed to. He overslept and was late to the meeting.

Accident
Jim loved to ride his motorcycle. He also liked speed. He rode his motorcycle fast on a rainy day. He dropped his bike and suffered a nasty scratch on his leg. Jim vowed to slow down from now on.

Cold
Jaycob woke early but could not bring himself to get out of bed. He had a runny nose and did not feel well at all. Jaycob took some medicine to help him rest. Jaycob stayed in bed over the next few days. Jaycob finally felt well enough to go back to school.

Picasso
In 1959, my mother purchased a painting by Picasso in a Berkeley shop. She had to get the okay from Dad because it was 25 bucks! It was featured prominently in our home for over 50 Year's. Mom and dad are gone, so I have it now. I not only have a great story, but it's featured in my own home.

Computer Problems
My computer was broken. I called the customer support line. I waited on hold for a long time. When I finally reached a worker, he was very helpful. I was able to have my computer fixed and running again in no time.

Golf school
When I was 12 years old, my Dad put us in golf classes. I was nervous at first. After awhile, I became very good. I started playing golf from that day on. However, I still can't beat my Dad.

Linus
Linus wanted to get better in school so he could graduate. He always had problems paying attention but didn't get help. He decided he would talk to the behavior specialist at his school. After talking to his specialist he learned how to be a better student. He graduated from school finally and his parents were very proud.

The Well
We have been digging a new well for my cabin for two hours. We have not reached the water and are not sure why. I do not know if I have enough money to go all the way to the water. The well operator said he would give me a discount on the price. I decided to keep drilling and hit water at two hundred and ten feet.

What a view
Jay got fed up with people trashing his favorite park. When he say a kid spray paint a rock face he got really mad. Jay confronted the kid and they started to get heated. In the moment Jay gave the kid a strong shove. The kid couldn't balance and fell off the rock face and died on impact.

Ron
Ron had wondered if he could ever go back home. He was released early and made his way to where he grew up. When arrived home it seemed cold and different. He drove by the store he robbed and it was still opened. He knew he needed to make a lot of changes.

Tooth
We went to visit relatives in Greenfield in 2003. My seven year old niece tried to play with me. She ran after me to tackle me. I put my arm up and she lost a baby tooth. Her father said it was her own fault.

The Illness
Mary was looking forward to going to Ruth's birthday party. But then Mary became extremely ill! Her mother told her she must not go to the party. Mary was very sad to miss the special party. Her spirits were lifted when Ruth later dropped off a bag of treats.

Dance
Marcia loved to dance. She wanted to become a better dancer. To become a better dancer she started to take classes. Now she is an expert at several types of dance. She now competes in many dance competitions!

Mommy's Side of the Story: The Tablet
Mommy and Ella loved Ella's educational tablet. But one day, Mommy had heard too much repetitive button-mashing. She threatened to take it away if Ella pressed the same button again. Ella pressed the same button again. Mommy promptly turned into a softie, only angrily lowering the volume.

No Relaxation
Niam was asleep for a couple of minutes. The baby began crying instantly. Niam got out of his bed to hold the baby. After she finished crying, she urinated into her diaper. Niam ended up with no sleep tonight.

Trick or Treating
Jimmy went trick or treating for Halloween. He brought his pumpkin bag to get candy and walked around. Jimmy went to several houses and got tons of candy. After an hour, Jimmy headed home. He poured out a ton of candy and was very happy.

Best Day At The Fair
Josh woke up excited to go to the fair. He could barely contain his excitement as his mother dressed him. At the fair, Josh rode the roller coaster and ferris wheel. The best part was when he won a teddy bear by playing skeeball! That night Josh could not stop thinking about how much fun he had.

Gas
Ro was driving home one night. Suddenly her car puttered to a stop. Ro realized she had forgotten to get gas! She sighed and put on her hazard lights. Soon a passerby stopped to help her.

The Essay
Tom had a big essay due. He decided to play video games instead of writing the essay. Tom then had to stay up all night writing the essay. He went into school tired. Tom decided he wasn't going to procrastinate things anymore.

You said there would be cake
John's birthday was happening in one week. The party was set to be a failure because there would be no cake. John called his best friend Patty in hopes she could help. Patty made a cake for the party. The party was went off without a hitch.

The Break Up
Beth and Dan were a popular couple at their high school. In public the put on a show of affection to prove the loved each other. But tonight they realized it was all a show. Beth told Dan she wanted to see other people. She was relieved when Dan said he felt the same.

Model Plane
My dad liked making model airplanes. I would always want to help him. He said I would get in the way. Now he's too old and shaky to make them. I don't like to enough to try anymore.

Basketball
Will wanted to go to the basketball game. He called all his friends to get a group together. They rented a bus to take them to the game. Will ate food and cheer for his team loudly. He had a great time at the game.

Earthquake
I left my house to go shopping. I showed up at the store and began to shop. While looking over items, I heard a loud crash. Suddenly, there was an earthquake while I was in the store. I waited for the earthquake to be over and then left.

Baby
Sam and Jen go to the hospital to have a baby. Jen is in a lot of pain and asks for medication. The doctor tells her it is too late to take anything. Jen screams and cries as she delivers her baby. Jen is so glad that it is over and she has her baby.

SATs
Frank waited anxiously for his SAT results. The school he wanted to go to required an 1800 minimum. The first time he took the test his score was 1650. Finally the envelope arrived. His new 1825 score proved that he had worked hard.

The Move
I never wanted to move houses. My father's job wasn't paying him enough. We had to move to a better job location. My father is much happier now. I am very glad we moved houses.

The New Fence
Bob lived in his house for thirty years. His fence was deteriorating and broken in many places. He decided to get a new fence. He hired a team of workers to make a metal fence. The project went great and Bob finally had a new fence!

Fine China
Bob decided to visit his parents for Christmas. For Christmas dinner, Bob's parents laid out fine china. During dinner, Bob accidentally broke a fine china plate. Bob tried to say that he was sorry. His parents were angry and made him pay for the plate.

Suspension
Henry was eating lunch in the cafeteria. A random stranger asked for his chicken patty. When Henry refused to give it to him, the stranger became mad. He punched Henry in the face. However, a security guard saw what happened and suspended Henry.

Trip to the dentist
Louisa had to go to the dentist. She had to get a cavity filled. She was afraid it would take a long time. However to her delight it was done in five minutes. Louisa was thrilled.

Study Session
Mia and her friends had a big exam coming up. They decided to get together to study for it. They met up and studied throughout the evening. When the test came, they all did very well. They vowed to study together every time they had an exam after that!

Genetics
Pierre was a really tall guy He worked in a place full of short people His manager was having trouble getting a shoe at a top shelf He reached over and got the shoe for her She promoted him to supervisor

The Hair Cut
Today I took my son for his first haircut. We had to wait for twenty minutes to be seen by the stylist. Once it was our turn my son became very scared. He would not sit in the chair. We left the haircut place and went home with long hair.

Beach Walk
Chad loved going to the beach. Today he decided he would go for a nice walk. However, when Chad got to the beach, it was closed. Chad read the sign, and saw they were closed for cleaning. Chad was disappointed that he could not take his beach walk.

Snowy Day
Beatrice was watching the news for the weather one day. The weather reported said to expect a storm The storm would bring at least ten inches of snow. Beatrice went to the store to stock up on food. It was a good thing she did because it snowed all day.

Learning to drive
Jennifer's mother was trying to teach her to drive. She had her drive around a parking lot first. Then she had her turn onto back roads. After a while she made her go on the main road. Jennifer was very happy to have started learning to drive.

Birthday Cake
My son's third birthday was today He likes the color blue. We decided to get him a small cake with blue icing. He loved the look and taste. He was very happy eating it.

The Tea Party
Laura decided to host a tea party for her stuffed animals. She carefully set the table with her beautiful tea set. She placed each animal in a chair around the play table. She poured water into each animal's cup. It was fun, but she wished her real friends could come over.

Concert
Rory is very scared of heights. To pass her test to make the team, she must climb up 50 feet. She practices climbing higher everyday. At her test, she concentrates very hard. She climbs up with no problem and makes the team.

Christmas Tree
My family put up our Christmas tree Thanksgiving night. We all helped with the ornaments. The kids had so much fun looking at ornaments from years past. We got everything on the tree and it looks a bit cluttered. All the memories make it beautiful, though.

Lip Gloss
May was waiting on her granddaughter Lucy to get dressed. She offered to dive Lucy to Blockbuster to rent movies. But that was 20 minutes ago. May was getting impatient waiting on Lucy. When she went to check on Lucy she saw her putting on makeup.

Expensive Election
Trish was running for class president. And she gave students candy to gain voters. But her rival was giving out candy too. Trish decided to spend money on better candy. But in the end, she still lost.

Gate
I wanted to go to my friend's house. Alas, his neighborhood was gated. I decided to hop the fence. The police caught me in the act! I was arrested and had to spend the night in jail.

Time to cook dinner!
I have friends coming over for dinner tonight, so I need to get ready. I'll start by getting the drinks together. Once the drinks are together, it's on to an appetizer. Once I have all of those things together, I'll start the steaks. It won't be long before they eat!

Lost Day
Tim had big plans for his day off. He had a lot of chores to catch up on. In the morning Tim was unable to get out of bed. He slept in late. Tim spent most of the day sleeping instead of doing chores.

Eluded
Sleep still eluded Marsha. She didn't want to take pills. If she didn't sleep soon, it would really do her body ill. Marsha started counting all the strange people she knew. She fell asleep within minutes!

Vegan Chili Wins the Contest
Every summer, folks in Sarah's town compete in a chili contest. Being a vegan, Sarah had never even thought to participate. She decided to enter her vegan chili just for fun. To her surprise, many people didn't even realize it was vegan. When she won the contest, she finally felt like part of the community.

Little Lamb
Larry wanted to give his daughter a special toy. Larry looked through the toy department for several options. After searching, Larry found a cute little lamb. After purchasing the lamb, Larry got it gift wrapped. Larry was glad to have found the perfect gift for his daughter.

Musical Chairs
When everyone came to the party, we played musical chairs. As the music was playing, everyone was moving around the chairs. I managed to get through the first round. However, the second round was difficult. I ended up getting eliminated since the music stopped quickly.

Dress
Sam and Janice were going to a party. They both arrive at the same time. They glanced over and realized they were wearing the same dress. They joked about it. They then started hanging out together.

Easter Eggs
Jennifer's little boy is six months old. This will be his first Easter and Jennifer is excited to dye eggs. She is going to take lots of pictures so she can share with family. The eggs will be all colors and decorate the baskets of her nieces. Jennifer and son will create memories that last a lifetime together.

Caleb Visits the Aquarium
Caleb has spent many Years in Boston but never visited the Aquarium. He works long hours and has trouble finding spare time. One Sunday morning he decides he will visit the Aquarium. He spends the entire day learning about different types of fish. Caleb is very satisfied that he finally visited the Boston Aquarium.

Josh loves to run
Josh loves to run and decided to run a marathon. To prepare Josh began running longer distances every day. Josh also ate very healthy foods and drank lots of water every day. The day of the race arrived and Josh was nervous, but felt prepared. Because Josh had practiced and prepared his body well he did great!

One Hit To Overdose
Brandon thought he found something special when he found fake Pot. They call the drug Hemp Spice. He convinced his friend, Charlie, to take a hit of the fake weed. Charlie, an eleventh grader, took a hit from a pipe. Charlie turned paranoid and then had a seizure and died.

Family Cabin
Joe likes to go to Minnesota to his grandparent's cabin on the lake. Every summer Joe takes his family there to go fishing. Joe's grandparents decide to sell the family cabin. Joe is very upset he will no longer be able to take his family there. They take one last trip to the cabin to say sadly say goodbye!

Paint and Color
Sid called his friends and organized a paint party. He set up many a canvas and bought all sorts of paint. During the party they tried to paint a landscape. Everyone did quite poorly. Sid told them that it was good that they at least tried.

Dog Mating.
Missy wanted puppies to sell. She had a dog and she invited a friend to mate his dog with hers. They put the two dogs together in a room. Then, the dogs did their business. It worked and the puppy became pregnant.

The movies
John wanted to go to the movies. John did not have too much money for the movies. John asked his grandmother for some extra money. She took the money out of his allowance. John enjoyed his time at the movies.

Pork
One day, I went to a cafe and ordered a sandwich. I told the waiter to put extra pork in my sandwich. Alas, he did not put extra pork. I complained to him. He told me he was sorry and he gave me a discount.

Wedding Dress
Tammy recently got engaged and was excited to go dress shopping. Her friends all met up at a store to look for a dress. Tammy started to try some dresses on, but was quickly disappointed. None of the dresses fit! Now Tammy has to look online for plus size dresses.

Losing the sunglasses
My friends and I were on a boat in the lake. We stopped the boat to go for a swim. I jumped into the water with my sunglasses on. I saw the glasses float deep into the lake and couldn't get them. I swam to the surface and felt very sad the whole day.

On The Road To Damascus
A man saw a woman by the side of the road and stopped his car. The woman got into the back seat without a word of thanks. He drove miles out of his way to drop her where she'd requested. She pulled out a gun and shot him in the back of the head. She told the authorities he had kidnapped her.

Football Game
The big football game was coming up soon. John had practiced hard for weeks. His coach said he'd get to start at quarterback. John was nervous. He played really well and lead the team to victory!

Mary Gets a Pet
Mary was feeling very lonely since moving away from her family. She decided to get a pet to keep her company. Mary wanted to get cat because her apartment is small. Mary went to the local shelter. There adopted a cute orange kitty named Luna.

Hidden Treasure
Polly buried a margarine tub full of treasures in her backyard. Years later, her family decided to move away. Polly decided to unearth her nearly forgotten treasure box. But it wasn't nearly as easy to find as she expected! She had to dig twelve holes, but she finally found her precious items!

The Ocean
Bob decided to take the day off of work. He wanted to go to the ocean. He decided to go surfing. He waded out to the ocean on his own. The waves were high and he drowned.

Birthday Surprise
None of Amy's friends called her to wish her a happy birthday. She did not get mad but rather felt sad. She wondered whether they cared. She heard a knock at the door. Her friends had come over to throw her a surprise birthday party.

Playing Basketball
Chelsea hurt her fingers playing basketball. She was really scared to go to the doctor. Chelsea's dad convinced her to go and get checked out. It turns out the bones in the fingers were fractured. The doctor was able to give her the needed care she would have missed.

Circus
Sherrill wanted to take her husband to the circus. Her husband considered it low-brow entertainment. They compromised on seeing a cirque du soleil show. Sherrill got her circus and her husband got his high-brow show. They both felt that it was the right choice, in retrospect.

Calories
Janine was dangerously fat. All the kids at school made fun of Janine. So Janine decided to go on a diet. Everyday she counted her calories. Soon Janine was at a normal weight.

Together Too Long
Jerry brought his wife a red rose. She smiled and put it in the center of the dinner table. At dinner, the couple didn't say much to each other. That night they slept silently by each other's side. In the morning, the rose had wilted.

Snakes
Bob was cleaning his shed. He heard some strange noises behind some boxes. He went to get a flashlight. He shined the light way back into the back of the shed. There was a big ball of snakes in the corner.

space camp
Anna wanted to go to space camp. She sent in her application. They invited her in for an interview. She was personable and friendly. Then they offered her a spot at space camp!

Moxi
My friend Rosa is a New Age believer. She was pregnant in 1994. One day Rosa asked me to get some Moxie in Chinatown. She burned it to apply to her feet to turn her breech baby. Amazingly, the baby turned.

Brad Gets New Sneakers
Brad had to get new shoes. The ones he wore now had holes throughout the bottom sole. He ordered a pair of sneakers that he liked. When they arrived, they were too small on his feet. He was able to return them and get a new pair in a large size.

The Race
John had trained for the last 6 months to run a 5K. He knew he could do it, he just wasn't sure how fast he could go. When the buzzer went off, he started running. He passed some people while others passed him. He was happy when it was announced he was third in his age group.

First Suit
Ben decided to take his girlfriend out to dinner. The restaurant he chose was quite fancy. Ben decided he needed to buy a suit. He didn't own a suit so he went to a men's store. Ben is now a proud owner of his first suit.

The Bike Ride
It was a beautiful day and Julie wanted to enjoy it. So, she decided to go on a bike ride. Julie was going pretty fast on her bike. Suddenly she fell off. Julie got a pretty badly scraped knee.

Car Race
Bob pulled up beside Joe and raced his car engine. Bob pointed at the red light to indicate the race was on. Joe revved his engine, but didn't move when the light turned green. Bob sped away and passed the police car parked up ahead on the curb. Joe drove past the flashing police light very slowly.

John Celebrates Spring
John has spent many months at home because of the cold. Finally he notices that the weather is getting nicer. He decides to walk around the neighborhood to feel the warm weather. John sees a neighbor he hasn't spoken with in months. He is happy that the Spring is finally arriving.

Birthday
Monday is Barry's 45th birthday, two days away. He is excited but secretly hoping there will not be a surprise party. Barry's girlfriend decides this year she won't throw a party. She remembered him talking about a saltwater guided fishing trip. So on Monday she surprised him with the fishing trip plan and passes.

Drew Makes Shoes
Drew was always fascinated with shoe styles and designs. He wished he could have a career designing shoes. Drew's art teacher encouraged him to go to design school. Drew agreed, and eventually became a professional shoe designer. Now Drew owns his own shoe store and is happy with his career.

Difficulty Deciding
I had to go shopping for school. After going inside the outlet store, there were several discounts. I observed the deals and found a few choices. However, it took me several minutes to decide. I ended up buying an item that I didn't want.

Christmas Traditions
Cheyenne pulled the big box down from the top of the closet. She was going to help her Grandma put up the Christmas tree. It was a family tradition to do it the day after Thanksgiving. Grandma put Christmas carols on the CD player and they sang along. By the end of the day the whole house was decorated.

Bad haircut
Kara's hair was getting long. She decided to get a haircut. When she got to the salon she sat down. When the hairdresser was done with her, Kara looked in the mirror. The haircut was awful.

Pretending to be Sick
Jon's wife wanted to go visit her mother. Jon hated his mother-in-law. He decided to pretend to be sick. His wife let him stay home. Jon successfully evaded his mother-in-law!

The Dam
I went for a walk in the woods today. I came across a beaver dam. It was at least 300 feet long. It had created a small lake from a tiny stream. I had never seen a beaver dam before and was very impressed.

Popcorn
Sally wanted popcorn. She went to the kitchen and put some in the microwave. She timed it as normal. While she waited, she put her laundry in. Her popcorn burned and Sally cried.

Pool Day
Dan wanted to get some exercise in today. Dan decided he would go to the local pool and swim several laps. However, when Dan arrived he noticed the facility was closed. Dan decided he would go back home and exercise there. Dan was disappointed that he could not swim in the pool.

Getting stuck up top
Lily was on a tall roller coaster the other day. It was one of the highest in the country. The ride at first was fun. Then all the sudden it screeched to a halt. Lily was trapped at the very top.

Roast Beef switcheroo
Simon ordered a turkey sandwich to go at Jimmy Johns. When he unwrapped the sandwich at home it was roast beef. He thought about returning it, but decided it was not worth the effort He ate the roast beef sandwich. He thought it was okay, but not as good as the turkey.

class president.
Jeb wanted to be class president. he passed flyers around school. He told his friends to go vote. The election was held on a rainy day. Jeb won by a landslide.

Laundry
Shelly went to the laundry room to do her laundry. She sorted the dirty laundry into colors. She put the colors in different washers and put coins in to pay. She dried the clothes and folded them. She went home.

Mary's Walk
Mary decided to go for a walk. While walking, she tripped and fell. She broke her leg. A passing driver stopped to help Mary. The driver took her to the hospital to receive treatment.

Construction
Chris was running late to work. He tried to take a shortcut away from the highway. However, when he did, he ended up in a construction zone. He had to wait for the workers to finish. Once they were done he was able to pass, but he was still late.

Don't Forget Breakfast
Adam was running late so he grabbed a coffee to go. He didn't have time to eat anything, and he had to get to work. He started feeling lightheaded and sleepy an hour later. Adam felt irritable and realized he was weak from hunger. He vowed to make sure he ate breakfast from now on no matter what.

The Thunderstorm
John came home to take his dog out. He rushed in and grabbed the leash. As soon as he put the leash on the dog, the bottom fell out. He still had to walk the dog. John was soaked from head to toe.

Foreshadowing
Henry was playing outside. When he tried to do a cool basketball trick, he fell on the ground. Although his back was sore, he was able to get home. However, he barely moved the next day. His mom had to take him to the hospital to seek treatment.

Front Pew
In Millie's church, it was an honor to sit in the front pew. Millie always rushed the family so they could get the honored seats. Each week they went a little earlier, trying to be the first. One Sunday, they arrived to find the church already full. Millie realized the early mass was still in session.

Chess Lesson
Today I gave a chess lesson to my friend Joe. I told what piece to move first. I also told him which pieces to move second. I covered topics such as castling, development, and doubled pawns. Joe took a lot of notes.

Internet Setup
Ian got cable internet. But he did not want to pay to have it set up. For hours, he struggled putting everything together. But by night time, it didn't work. Ian regret not spending the extra money to have someone set it up.

Lost shoe
Lacy went to the beach. She took off her shoes and went to go swimming. When she came back to her spot, her shoes were missing. She looked around and saw some dogs had them. She ran up, grabbed the shoes from the dogs and left.

Gift from the Heart
Pablo's mother's birthday was approaching quickly. Pablo wanted to give his mother something very special. He didn't have a job or money to get her something nice. Pablo used his talent of painting and painted his mom a portrait. She was so happy with the painting that she cried.

Big Allowance
Millie turned six Year's old. She was happy to get a raise on her allowance. Millie's parents explained she'd get an extra dollar for each year. The next month, Millie's grandma had a birthday party. Millie said her grandma must be rich from her allowance.

Tooth Fairy Trick
Bella's puppy lost a tooth. Bella thought if she put it under the puppy's pillow she'd get money. Her mother explained that the tooth fairy only gave money to people. So Bella put the tooth under her own pillow. She was disappointed when the tooth fairy didn't leave anything.

Too Young
When Henry turned 14 his father died. It was a big deal and meant Henry had to take on more responsibility. He was unsure but knew what had to be done. He was named king at a young age. He ruled over his people terribly and was assassinated.

The Electrical Outage
There was a bad storm outside of Peter's house. It caused the electricity to go out! Peter was very scared because it was so dark. But then his mother got out an emergency lamp. They had a great time reading together till the lights came back on!

Equity
Blake wanted to sell his home. He wanted to increase the equity before he put it on the market. Blake decided to extend the pantry space. The extension added great equity to his home. Blake made a nice profit when he sold his home.

Uncle
Gina's family was out of town visiting family. They drove to her uncle's house. Gina didn't want to go but her mother forced her. At the house there was nothing for her to do. She sat in the yard texting on her phone.

Loud Cat
Evan was trying to fall asleep one night. But he heard a loud noise in his backyard. And he was scared that there was a burglar. He pointed a flashlight at his backyard from behind his window. But it was just a cat.

Freshman
Jodie was a freshman in college. She loved going out with her friends and partying. She found it harder to go to class and study. She received terrible grades during midterms. Jodie immediately started taking her classes more seriously.

Important Party
Joseph went to his father's 80th birthday party. He has been preparing for this day for months. He has to give a speech about his dad. Joseph practiced in front of his wife last night. He pulled it off without a problem.

The New Kid
Leah's family moved away to a new town. So, Leah had to go to a new school. She was nervous that she wouldn't make any friends. However on her first day of school her classmates were very friendly. Leah soon had a lot of friends at her new school.

Vision is Costly
Rob loved to get into fights with people. He enjoyed seeing people in physical pain. Rob punched and kicked people for years. Rob fought so much, he soon lost his eyesight as he got older. Nowadays, Rob can see nothing but his own mistakes.

My finger.
Our family stopped at a roadside attraction, and my cousin got out. He slammed the car door on my finger before I had a chance to get out. Unaware of any pain, I stared at my finger and started noticing it. When we finally got the door open again, my figure was partially cut. It eventually healed, and I still have the scar to prove it.

The Choice
Joe wanted to go see his favorite team play baseball. The game was on Monday. He didn't have any personal days left at work. Joe called in sick so he could go to the baseball game. Joe lost his job.

Bad Mother
Every time Jill's mother comes to visit she criticizes everything. As soon as she walks in the door she criticized Jill's housekeeping. Then she criticizes Jill' cooking, and anything else she can think of. The next morning when her mother comes downstairs Jill is gone. There is a note on the table telling her mother to find a hotel.

Appendix
Erin was at her friend's house watching TV. She started feeling a strange pain in her right side. Trying to shake it off, she decided to walk home. When she got there, she was pale and almost doubled over in pain. Her mom quickly brought her to the ER to have her appendix out.

Train Museum
My son really likes trains. I decided to take him to the train museum. He liked it a lot and always asks to go back. I take him there once a week. I hope he becomes a train engineer someday.

Hiking Uphill
Ted had been hiking for what seemed like hours. He stopped to catch his breath. He looked upward at the imposing mountain still ahead of him. He took a sip from his water container. Ted started back up the mountain slowly.

Sun tan lotion
Lou thought it would be funny to play a prank on his sister. They were at the beach. She asked him to put suntan lotion on her back. He made a smiley face design with the lotion. She ended up with a smiley face tan lines.

Visit to the town fair
The Reece family wanted to go to the Town Fair. The four of them hopped in the car for the half hour drive. As soon as they got there they got their tickets. The children then started running towards the kiddie rides. By the time the day was over, they had ridden 12 times.

Panic at the driveway
I was late to get to work so I raced to get ready. I got everything I needed but my car keys. I remembered the last time I had them was in my car. The car was locked so I had to smash the window. I reached inside and unlocked to door to get in.

Rollers in Her Hair
Lucy wanted to style her hair like her grandmas. She put rollers into her hair. She rolled each section on the roller and tied her hair in a scarf. After 3 hours she took the rollers down. She hated the outcome and tried to comb her hair straight.

Bathroom Break
Gina wanted to check Dave's desk for her pencils. But he wouldn't allow her to. She decided to wait till he went to the bathroom. Finally he left his desk and went to the bathroom. But Gina was scared to search his things in front of the whole class.

Rollerblading
My boys have so much fun rollerblading, I decided to give it a try. My oldest son's roller blades fit me perfectly. The cul-d-sac in front of our house was a great place to practice. I fell and broke my wrist going up the driveway. To this day my kids won't let me rollerblade again.

Blake's Guitar
Blake learned to play the guitar at a very young age. He practiced every day to get better. He started playing in front of crowds as a teenager. He grew a large fan base and produced his own album. Blake became a very popular musician.

Christmas Surprise
My grandmother went outside at night. She was trying to set up several decorations. A car suddenly appeared and tried to move across the neighborhood. However, the driver didn't see my grandmother. He ended up hitting her back and she fell.

Water for labor pains.
Lily was in labor with her baby. She had really bad pain but it wasn't time to go to the hospital yet. The pain was so bad so she decided to take a bath. Her husband set it up and she climbed in. Luckily for her, the water really helped with the pain.

New Computer Problems
Jay bought a new computer from the store. He had no idea how to set it up. Jay called his friend Carla to help him. Carla came over and began to get to work. She taught him how to properly wire up his new computer.

I went shopping for glasses.
I needed some new sunglasses. I chose a color that would go with a lot of clothing. Once I had purchased them, I left the store. I promptly put them on, it was sunny. They were perfect!

Learning to Ride a Bike
Harry wanted to learn how to ride a bike. He was feeling discouraged after failing so many times. Harry kept practicing though. He finally started keeping balance. Now he can ride his bike anywhere he wants to.

Maxine Tries Ballet
Maxine wants to find a fun way to stay active outside of work. She decides to try out classes at a local ballet studio. At first ballet is challenging, but Maxine works hard to improve. After months Maxine loves her new ballet hobby. She is very happy that she has something to do outside of work.

Catching the bus
Chad's car recently broke down. Unfortunately, that meant Chad had to catch the bus. Chad looked for the schedule for the bus, and headed to the stop. Chad was pleasantly surprised that the bus came within five minutes. Chad was pleased that he would arrive to work on time.

Sam
Sam worked nights and slept during the day. Sam met a girl but she worked during the day. Sam was too tired often to go to work at night. Sam asked to be switched to the day shift. Sam was no longer tired when he was with his girlfriend.

The Hunt
I decided to go hunting. I had never hunted before. I bought a rifle and headed into the woods. I killed a deer. I felt terrible and decided to never hunt again.

Mark tricks his dad
Mark was at the park with his dad, and thought a trick would be fun. He decided to hide from his dad. He hid behind a tree, and laughed as his dad looked around for him. Finally, he came out of hiding and ran to his dad. His father yelled at him never to do that again.

Internet
Kyle wanted to get a new computer. He was very broke though. He got a job a bar near his house. With his first paycheck he bought a new computer. He can now use the internet.

The Bracelets
Kate was getting dressed for a party. She decided to wear her favorite bracelets. She put them both on her right wrist. As she wore them, it was getting uncomfortable. Kate took one of the bracelets and put it on her other wrist.

Just a Sunday
James woke up early on Sunday morning. He put on his best suit and tie for the big event. His minivan sped towards the church building. James preached his sermon to the congregation. Many people came up and complimented him after he was finished.

Playing House
One of my favorite activities as a kid was playing house. I would get a bunch of my friends together and we would be a family. My favorite part to play was the wife taking care of the children. We would all dress up and I would play behind my play kitchen. Memories like that are vibrant in my mind.

No Friends Left
Carl was always mean and rude. His friends usually put up with it. After a while Carl kept getting worse. His friends asked him to stop but he wouldn't. Eventually Carl lost all his friends.

Rufus Gets a Goldfish
Rufus feels that his life has become lonely and sad. He wants to have someone else in his home with him. Since he cannot find a girlfriend, he decides to get a pet fish. He buys a beautiful goldfish from the neighborhood pet store. Rufus feels slightly less lonely now that he has a fish.

Baby party.
Parties are usually lame, but this was a new level of lame. Tim was forced to go to his nephew's party. All it was is little kids playing baby games. Tim was annoyed, but he was forced to stay because of his parents. Tim was depressed and annoyed for the rest of the day.

boots
Anna found a lovely pair of boots online. She ordered them right away. She was so excited to get them and wear them! But when they arrived, they were too small. Anna reluctantly returned them for a new pair.

Life Change
Ken was unhappy with his current job. He made decent money but there was no room for growth. Ken decided to cut his hours and go back to school for teaching. He ended up graduating with his degree 3 years later. He is now in his third year of full time teaching.

Acne
I had been getting a lot of acne recently. I had been trying different creams to get rid of it. Unfortunately I had not seen any changes. I decided to stop wearing makeup. Finally my acne went away.

Old Photographs
A rainstorm had caused severe damage to the roof of the house. Jill decided to bring her stuff down from the attic. When she brought everything down, she noticed something was left over. It was an old photo album. Inside, to her delight, were her old baby pictures!

Trick or Treating
Samantha was excited to go trick or treating! She spent an hour making sure her costume was perfect. She wandered door to door, asking for candy. After a while, her feet got tired so she headed home. She sat on the couch and happily ate her candy.

Theme Park
I took my family to a theme park last Saturday. They couldn't agree on what to ride at any point of the day. Some wanted roller coasters while others wanted slow rides. I had to make all of the ride choices for them. I had a great time, but I think they only enjoyed it half as much.

Tall Coat
I wore a very long coat around town yesterday to stay warm. It was raining so my coat began to get very waterlogged. I began to get very tired walking in my heavy coat. It was so heavy I threw off my coat and walked home without it. At home, I ordered another long coat but one that was rainproof.

The Barn
There was an old abandoned barn across the street from my house. My parents didn't want me to go in there. All of the other kids and I would sneak into the barn. There was a long rope hanging from the rafters. It was fun to swing on the rope and let go, landing in the hay.

Zoltars
Ethan decided to wake up early on Monday to work on Zoltars. He set his alarm for 6 am, and when he awoke he checked mturk. No Zoltar hits appeared on the site after 30 minutes. Ethan gave up and went back to sleep. Within a minute, Zoltars dropped while Ethan slumbered.

Caught
Twas the night before christmas. Chad got out at 12 am to get the cookies. He then saw his parents putting gifts under the tree. He was shocked. He found out Santa was his parents.

4 leaf clover
A gave a group of kids a task to complete. I told them the first one to find a four leaf clover will get $1. I had about 45 kids in the grass searching and searching. Finally one came up to me. He opened his hand and showed me the four leaf clover he had found.

The Computer
Matt's computer was broken. He called repair centers to get it fixed. However, they charged a lot of money. Matt's friend offered to fix it for free. Matt was very grateful to his friend.

New Hair
Tika had a short haircut. She was tired of having short hair. Tika was too impatient to wait for her hair to grow back out. She went to a salon that specialized in hair extensions. Tika left with long luxurious hair and was very happy.

Listen To Your Wife!
Wade's wife told him to take the trash out. He played video games instead, and eventually forgot all about it. The trash company came in the morning. Wade's trash was still sitting in the garage. He is now stuck with a whole week's worth of trash and an unhappy wife.

Joey Gets Booed
Joey was the lead guitarist in his band. He had an important performance in front his entire school tonight. When Joey got on stage he was very nervous. He completely messed up the guitar solo that he was suppose to play. The crowd booed Joey off the stage after their performance.

New Car
None of the three roommates can afford a car. So they pool their money to buy a car. But they can't decide who should get to use the car and when. They fight over the car nonstop. They decide to sell the car.

Dinner
I was very hungry and wanted to eat dinner. I decided to go eat at a local burger place. I ordered a burger with bacon and cheese. The burger took a long time and never came after a hour. I asked for my money back and just ate a bag of chips instead.

the Pencil
Joe threw a pencil at Leslie in math class. It hit her in the eye and she cried out. The teacher made her go to the nurse. She sent Joe to the principal. Leslie had to wear an eyepatch for four weeks.

Making a New Friend
I was really scared when I moved into a new City. I did not know anybody so I decided to go to a yoga class. At the class I sparked a conversation with a cute girl. We exchanged numbers and started hanging out with each other. Eventually she became my girlfriend.

A news story comment.
Helga read an interesting news story. She wanted to leave a comment. First she had to sign up. Then, she wrote out her comment. Finally, she posted it.

Sharper Knife
Steven went camping, wanting to build his own shelter and live simply. He brought the essentials, and a knife that he had put away for years. Once he found a suitable spot, he began preparing his homemade tent. He pulled out the rope, and soon realized his knife couldn't cut it! He had to sleep in the open, regretting not being more prepared.

Clumsy Driver.
John left his workshop in a rush one night after a long day. During his drive home he was stopped by a police officer. John feared he'd be arrested for speeding. He rolled down his window to speak with the officer. He was relieved when told he'd forgotten to turn his headlights on.

Exams are difficult
Robert never knew when to give up He took his SAT exam ten times and failed One day he decided to retake his exam after failing He studied nonstop for his last attempt at the test Robert still failed his exam regardless

Promotion
Rosa was a housekeeper at an upscale hotel in New York City. Rosa worked hard, learning the responsibilities of various positions. When a management position opened up, she put in for the job. After several agonizing weeks, Rosa was finally given the position. Now the hotel's housekeeping is better than it's ever been.

Brave hunters
My friend had an armadillo in her backyard. We went out back to remove it. There was a snake in the corner of the yard. We both ran in the house. We called an exterminator to do the job.

Wearing A Hat
Gina spent $30 on a hat like one in a video. She put together her coolest outfit and wore it to school. She had never worn a hat for style before. No one else was wearing hats at her school. Halfway through the day Gina gave up and put the hat away.

Book Sale
After class was dismissed, Gary decided to go to the book sale. He noticed several book shelves with different books. One of the seller's introduced him to a new release. He wanted to look more into it and ended up buying it. We came out of the sale with several novels.

Be prepared.
Jim has an important work meeting at 7 am. He decided to leave for work at 6 am. Unfortunately he was stuck in traffic. He wasn't able to get to the meeting in time. The boss yelled at him and he was fired.

Toothbrush
Barry was brushing his teeth. He realized his brush was ten months old. He needed to get a new brush! Barry went to the store. He bought a new brush.

MouseTrapper
Lina was horrified to discover she had a mouse. She didn't know what to do, so she called her friend Al for advice. Al told her that he could have his cat find it and get it. So, Lina agreed and let Al's cat have at the mouse! The cat trapped the mouse within five minutes and killed it quickly.

Math Class
Martin was about to graduate high school. The only class he had to pass was Algebra. After taking it three times he should have already. So after studying all semester and focusing extra hard. He finally passed and was able to graduate high school.

Promotion
Debbie got transferred out of state for a job promotion. She was nervous to leave her family and friends. She hesitated at first but then realized her salary would double. She decided to move and accept the job offer. Before long Debbie made new friends and was now rich!

baking break
Ria downloaded a recipe for bread. She mixed her ingredients together. Then she put the bread in the pan and baked it. When she pulled it out, it was still flat. Puzzled, Ria realized she'd forgotten the yeast!

One Bad Event at a Time
Gary spilled his lunch plate on Rachel's lap. She verbally abused him and said that he's always slow. Gary apologized and decided to walk away. He also failed his quiz at the end of class. When he got home, his mother was complaining about his room.

New Shoes
Maggie realized one day that her feet were hurting. She decided that it was probably due to her old shoes. Maggie went to the mall to go to her favorite shoe store. The sales person helped her to pick out a new pair of shoes. Maggie left the mall with her comfortable new shoes.

Sick
My sons and daughter and I went for a car ride last night. My youngest was in the back with his Nintendo DS. All of a sudden, we heard a gushing and gagging sound. He had thrown up all over himself. We had to end the car ride and take him home to clean up.

Fishing
Robert wanted to go fishing with his friends. He'd never been fishing before. Robert and his friends drove to the lake early on saturday. Robert's friends let him borrow their fishing equipment. Robert caught the biggest fish of the day.

My Baby
One day I decided to go and adopt a cat. I went to Petsmart and there were many cats to choose from. I couldn't choose, so I left and went back the next day. That day there was only one cat left and she begged for me to take her I adopted her and have had her for eight Years now.

Future Cat Lady
Amanda loved cats. She would go out of her way to pet a stray. Her apartment would not allow her to have any pets So she fed cats outside of her door. She wanted to have eight cats one day.

The Photo Taker
Gene was on a vacation in Vietnam. He began to walk down the streets to get food. He suddenly noticed a young man taking pictures of him. Gene called out for him to stop and chased after him. The man ran away and took off with the pictures.

Sam's Fish
Sam loved to fish. He would go out onto the lake often. One day he caught a huge fish! He took his eyes off it for one second and it flopped away! Sam wanted the fish so badly he dived in after it!

Broken leg
For Christmas Susan got a new bike. She went outside to ride her bike. Suddenly she fell and broke her leg. Susan had to go to the doctor immediately and get it checked. She had to get a cast and wasn't able to ride the bike for a while.

Sleep
Tom couldn't sleep. He tried to take some sleeping pills but it did him no good. He then stayed up on the computer for two more hours. He figured this would make him tired enough. He fell asleep after that.

Novella
I set out to write a novel. I typed away at a few hundred words a day. After a couple of months, a novel started to seem too big for me. I looked up what would be slightly smaller. I changed my goal to be writing a novella, and pressed on to the end.

Jane
I liked a woman named Jane. I asked her out and she agreed. We decided to go to the movies for our date. On the way there, a truck rammed into our car. Jane died instantly.

Sharon's Conundrum
Sharon had to make a big decision. On the one hand, she could go to a college that was close. Or she could got to a college that was prestigious. She decided to do eenie meenie minie moe for it. She ended up far away at a renowned school.

Book Reader
Sue couldn't wait to share her favorite book with her class. She gathered the students into a circle and began reading. Caught up in the book, Sue didn't notice the students. When she finished the story, Sue looked up at the kids. All the students were fidgeting or napping.

Cultural Surprises
Lenny wanted to go to Europe. He went to the United Kingdom. Someone had told him to order fish and chips. When his food arrived, he was surprised to see fries on his plate. Lenny thought the fries were good even though they were not chips.

No strawberries
Wanda wanted to make her special strawberry cake. However, she lacked strawberries. So, Wanda left to go to the grocery store. When she got there, she looked and looked. It was all in vain, though,for the grocery store was out.

Mnemonics
Judy memorized the state capitals by making up a song. She practiced singing the song for the test on the capitals. Judy sat down confidently to take the test. Suddenly, the teacher tapped Judy on the shoulder. Judy had been singing her song out loud.

Things Happen for a Reason
I decided to go to the park. On the drive there, my gas tank was almost empty. I stopped at a gas station and decided to buy gas. After reaching the park, I noticed that it was closed. I eventually found out that a shooting took place 10 minutes ago.

New Puppy
Mary and Jason decided they wanted to adopt a pet. After some discussion, they decided to get a puppy. They went to the humane society and chose a sweet little black dog. They named their new puppy Olive. They are now a happy family of 3!

The runaway found.
Tabitha ran away from home one night. Her mom searched everywhere for her. Tabitha managed to stay hidden for a week. At the end of the week, police tracked her down. They brought her home.

The Mailman
For as long as Jake could remember, he loved when the mailman came. Every time the mailman came, he would give Jake a few pieces of candy. One day the mailman stopped coming and a new one was in his place. Jake told the new mailman what the old mailman used to do for him. Now every time the new mailman comes around, he has candy for Jake.

Sports Car
Remold needed a new car badly. He decided to go from a sedan to a sports car. When he got his sports car, he was beyond excited. He was so excited that he went 115mph on the way home. He got pulled over and received a speeding ticket!

No Free Money
Michael needed money and wasn't sure how to get it. His parents were dead. Michael went by his mother-in-law's house and asked for money. He said he would accept any amount. His mother-in-law was offended and said no.

Tattoo
Jake just turned 18. He told her parents he was going to get a tattoo. They warned him not to. Always the prankster, Jake got a temporary tattoo. His mother almost fainted, thinking it was real.

Best Date Ever
Bob asked Mary to go on a date with him. Mary agreed to go out with Bob. Bob took Mary to her favorite restaurant. Mary really enjoyed eating with Bob. Bob took Mary home after dinner.

A Dog on a Boat?
The boys thought it would be fun to bring their dog on a boat ride. The dog didn't feel the same way. She was very scared when they put a life jacket on her. They coaxed the dog onto the boat and started paddling. The dog was still scared but didn't mind the boat once she got on it.

Moving
The lease was finished at Amanda's apartment. She decided to move to a bigger area. She found a nice place to move to. She packed her belongings and moved into her new place. She was very pleased with her new place to live.

Don't Procrastinate
Lisa has a lot of homework to do tonight. But she would really like to go to the football game. Lisa started her homework as soon as she got home, so now she can go. The football game lasted longer than expected and Lisa got home late. It was a good thing she did her homework early.

Scaring kids
It was halloween and Gary and his friends were happy. They decided to scare children to try to take some candy. Gary and his friends spend hours popping out of bushes. When Gary tried to scare one child, the kid kicked him in the shins. Gary feel to the floor in a lot of pain and could barely walk.

My Face
Jessie thinks her boyfriend is falling out of love with her. She decides to get cosmetic surgery in order to lure him back. Jessie has a new found confidence. Her boyfriend didn't notice her dramatic change. He later left her for someone younger.

Chekhov's Warning
Two men were preparing dinner for themselves. One grabbed some potatoes to throw in the oven. The other warned him to poke them with a fork, lest they explode. The first man refused, saying that he had baked countless potatoes. The potatoes, of course, exploded in the oven a short while later.

Compassion and Care
This morning I decided to take the subway to work. A homeless man boarded at a busy downtown stop. He began asking everyone for money. I was hesitant but others gave money without thinking. This reminded me to be more selfless and compassionate.

Dog ate homework.
Jeremy had just finished his homework. He left it on the coffee table. Then he went to get a drink. When he came back he saw that his dog had literally eaten it. He told his teacher but she didn't believe him.

Sneak In
Gina wanted to go to the club. The security guard wouldn't let her in since she's only 19. She tried to figure out how to get inside. She disguised herself at an old woman with hair extensions. The security guard viewed her as an adult and allowed her to go in.

The Diving Board
The community swimming pool was finally opening for the summer. All the kids gathered at the gate waiting for to go in. They were surprised to find a diving board had been installed. The lifeguard told them to line up to go one at a time. The line formed quickly as all the kids wanted to give it a try.

Grandma's lesson
One day Julie went to visit her grandmother. Grandma was making her treasured meatloaf recipe. Julie wanted to learn how to make the meatloaf, so she asked grandma. Grandma showed Julie how to make the meatloaf. Julie made the meatloaf when she went home to her husband.

A Stuffy Office
Lindsay needed some fresh air. Her office with in the basement with no sunlight. She decided to take walks outside every few hours. Things started to feel less stuffy. She ended up feeling much better after taking walks.

Broken Arm
Some teenagers climbed into my fort late one night. They would go up there to hang out. One kid had too much beer, which I didn't know they drank. He leaned out a window and overbalanced. His fall cost him a broken arm.

Disneyland
Isabella has never been to Disneyland. She loves all the Disney characters. Her mom decided to take her to Disneyland. Isabella was so excited when she got there. It was the best day of her young life.

Asian background
Han was Asian but born in America. He wanted to get familiar with his background. He traveled to Japan and met his grandparents. He loved it so much, he stayed longer and longer. Eventually, he decided to take up citizenship and never returned.

The Flower
Jim got a flower for his birthday. He didn't know much about plants. He put it in a corner and left it alone. He never watered it. Jim's plant died.

View from the top
The man in the fire tower leaned against the side. He saw smoke arise from the east. He put raised his binoculars to get a better look. The more he looked the stronger the fire seemed. THe man gasped in horror.

Games
Shannon's favorite game just came out. She bought it immediately. Since then, friends have been inviting her to hang out. She became completely engrossed in the game. Now she doesn't want to do anything except play it.

Vacation
Mel was planning her summer vacation. She worked after school at a restaurant. She saved all her money for a place ticket. In the summer she flew to Florida. She had a great time on her beach vacation!

The Shot
Tammy was last to go in an archery competition. She picked up her bow and nocked an arrow. The official told her that she may shoot when ready. Tammy quickly drew her bow and took great aim. The arrow was launched and missed the target by a foot.

Party Animals
My friend's love to throw raging keggers. Last Friday they threw one for the ages. Everyone we knew showed up and got trashed. We all laughed, drank, cried and just had an incredible time. It was easily one of the best funerals I've ever been to.

The Opossum
One day last week, I saw an Opossum in my yard. He was a friendly one. He liked to walk around my yard with my dogs. He hung around all day. I never saw him again.

Dinner Ruined
The family got together at the table. They sat down and started to prepare a plate of food. I asked my sister to pass the beans. However, she struggled to pick it up. In addition, it slipped out of her hands and landed on the table.

A Trip to the YMCA
Me and my two daughters drove to the YMCA. The older one wanted to run the younger one wanted to play basketball. We ran 6 laps around the track. Then we went down to the gym and played basketball. We all had a good day.

Nervous dog mom
I am very nervous and squeamish in medical environments. At my dog's last vet visit, he had to get a vaccination. Before the vet gave the injection, I held my dog up on the table. When the vet took the syringe out, I became dizzy and fainted! The vet was so worried she called for an ambulance.

Bingo
Ellie went to bingo with her granny once a month. She felt frustrated because she never won. Just once she wanted to get to shout out bingo. As she sat with her card, the caller called her missing number. She yelled bingo at the top of her lungs!

Car Ride
Lilly woke up Saturday morning very excited. She was going on a long car ride with her father. She quickly finished her breakfast and dressed herself. She wore her favorite dress and best shoes. Her father carried her to the car and the car ride began.

Jane's first job.
Jane had just graduated from high school. She wanted money to get a new car, so she went out to get a job. Jane tried the fast food restaurants, but none of them were hiring. Finally, Jane tried the local Walmart. She got a job at the Walmart and worked there until she got a car.

Cell phone
Ronald was looking to get a new cellphone. Ronald decided to check various companies for a decent phone. Ronald compared his top choices of cell phones. Ronald decided on a IPhone, as it fit what he was looking for. Ronald was pleased with his new phone.

The Lost Dog
Charles parked his car to go inside a liquor store. There was the cutest brown dog sitting and sad. The dog walked up to Charles and started crying. Charles looked around for the owner. He took the dog home, then to a shelter, but no one ever claimed it.

The Greatest Spring Break
Eric was excited to leave for spring break. He would be going to California with his classmates. He took a plane to his destination. When he got to California, he went to get fast food. He ate a big meal as he talked with his friends.

Dog Breath
My dog has had horrible breath lately. I don't know what to do except continue to brush it's teeth. My friends told me they make bones that give dog's fresh breath. I bought one today and so far it's working. I'll have to listen to my friend's advice more often.

Getting a Job
Pam was trying hard to get a job as a cashier. She submitted her resume to twenty different stores. Eventually, she got an interview at a pet store. She did excellent at her interview. Now she works selling food and toys for cats and dogs.

Los Angeles
Amy was in Los Angeles for a vacation. Her sister picked her up at the airport when she arrived. The drove around hours so that Amy could take in the sights. Amy snapped photos of the grand homes in Beverly Hills. She knew her friends would be jealous when they saw the photos.

Lunch Rush
Mary and her family decided to have a picnic on the beach. They set up the basket and blanket on the sand. Mary started passing around the food to everyone. Seagulls came and started chasing them away! Mary was sad the birds ruined her beach picnic.

Sewing for Fun
Hattie loved to sew clothes. She would practice sewing random items for herself often. She got so good at it that her mom put her to work. Hattie was responsible for making dresses for her sisters. Hattie loved making her clothing for her sisters.

pound cake
Bryce went to the store for his mother. He was supposed to buy a pound cake and strawberries. He forgot to get the pound cake. Bryce returned to the store for the pound cake. The store was out of pound cake and his mother was furious.

Road Trip
Daniel and Dave decided to go on a road trip. They were going to drive from Texas to Kansas. Along the way they stopped at a diner in Oklahoma. Dave got food poisoning at the diner. The two decided to go back home to Texas.

Becoming Homeless
I started to run short on wages and my rent was due. My rent fell behind about 3 months. The landlord eventually grew angry and began an eviction. I appealed the process, but the judge was unsympathetic. I moved into the shelter and now I am homeless.

The Party
Ken's parents were out of town. He decided to throw a party. The party got out of hand. Parts of Ken's house were destroyed. Ken got into a lot of trouble with is parents.

Cold shower
David came back from a jog. He needed to take a shower. The bathroom was occupied. David was too impatient to wait. He grabbed a bucket of water and soap and bathed outside.

Eagerness
Jan was eager to leave school. When she got home she was eager to eat. She always rushed everyone. Her mother explained that she had to be patient. Jan realized she was rude before and was never eager again.

Chinese take out
Kelly was bored. She wanted to eat but didn't feel like cooking. So she decided to call Chinese take out. When she called them they came right away. The food was great.

bank trip
Chuck had a lot of coins saved in a jar. He took the coins to the bank to get counted. He tripped on the way in. The jar fell and shattered. Chuck spent a lot of time picking up all those coins.

Watching a movie.
Chelsea chose a movie from a DVD case. She put it in the machine. With the remote, she turned on the movie. She cuddled under a blanket and watched it. It ended a couple of hours later.

Tokyo Trip
Ben has never been to Japan. He has always wanted to visit Tokyo. Ben saved up enough money for his Tokyo trip. Ben spent a whole week in Tokyo. He enjoyed every minute of it.

Mona goes to Market
Mona is getting ready to go to the market. She rides her bicycle when the weather is warm. Mona checks the weather forecast. She puts away her bicycle helmet and picks up her car keys. Mona will be driving to the store today.

Father's Day
Ted wanted to take his father out for Father's Day. He planned the perfect day. They ate ate a fancy diner. They then played ball in the park. It was the best Father's Day ever!

Wrong Impression
I was walking with a friend to the restroom. She was going to the lady's room however, she needed help. Her belongings was going to drop on the ground. I went into the lady's bathroom for a minute to help her. The security guard found out and suspended me.

Lost Phone
Shari placed her cell phone on the seat of her car. She went inside, leaving the phone. Shari didn't remember where she put the phone. She dialed her phone number from another phone. Shari's phone rang, allowing her to find it.

The surprise
She had been waking up every morning sick. She knew this was not normal. She went to the doctor to get things checked out. The results were confirmed. She was pregnant.

Jason Takes a Trip
Jason had always wanted to visit Mexico. At first he was afraid to go there. Eventually Jason decided he needed to try new things. He boarded the plane to Mexico. Once in Mexico, Jason was very happy.

The Solo
John really enjoyed playing his trombone, and was pretty good at it. He decided to enter  a music competition. He picked a piece of music to play and practiced hard for weeks. On the big day, he was nervous but played well for the judges. They loved his song and John was very proud of himself.

The flu
Brandon kept getting the flu every year. It began to really affect him emotionally. He decided to get the flu shot at his doctor's office. his doctor administered the flu shot. Mike didn't get the flu that year.

Sleeping
I didn't get to sleep all weekend. I was dumb and decided to go out drinking. On Monday I had an important meeting. It was really boring and I fell asleep in the middle of it. Now I'm getting demoted and still haven't slept.

Too many bags.
Sam planned to push her groceries home in a stroller. After checking out, she realized she had too many bags. She asked to leave her bags at customer service. Then, she brought half of the bags home. She had to go back and bring the second half home after that.

The paint gift.
Dylan wanted to get his girlfriend a great Christmas gift. He knew that she had been interested in painting lately. He found a great set of art supplies online. On Christmas, she was opening her gift. When she saw what it was she was so happy.

The Lecture
Mister King lectured the students about writing. He gave many tips during the lecture and answered questions. After this, a girl asked to take a photo of them together. The phone's camera took 3 attempts to take a decent picture. King was surprised, then realized the school was not a fancy one.

Rat Trap
Larry saw a rat one night. He wanted to get rid of it but not kill it. He bought a humane trap at the store. One night he heard it go off. It caught the rat and Larry set it free outside.

Greg
Greg lived in New York City. He had lived there his whole life but always felt trapped. He decided to move to Florida. He found a job, met some friends, and settled in. Greg never let Florida and never missed New York City.

In the lines
India was teaching her daughter how to color. India had to show her daughter how to stay in the lines. India's daughter, after a few tries, stayed in the lines. India was proud of how her daughter was coloring the picture. In the end, the picture was pretty, and everything was in the line.

The Wrong Direction
Sarah found herself easily distracted. She felt that she put so much effort into her job. Sarah never could get the recognition she deserved. She started doing less and less work. Sarah still can't understand why no one praises her for trying at all.

The Beach
The family always take a vacation. They usually go during spring break. Their spot is Denver. This year they decided to go to the beach. The kids loved the water and can't wait to go back.

Thomas Rips His Credit Card
Thomas got a brand new wallet for his birthday. He decided to transfer all his credit cards to his new wallet. As he was handling his credit card, he accidentally ripped it. Thomas called his credit card company on the phone. Thomas got a replacement card in the mail in a few days.

The hot mug.
Julian was making some coffee. He tried to take the mug out of the microwave. Unfortunately, the mug was too hot. Instead he grabbed an oven mitt. He used that to retrieve his mug.

The Camp Fire
Rachel and her friends went camping. They set up their tent in a clearing. After the tent was ready, they started building a fire. Soon the fire was quite strong. Rachel and her friends sat around the fire telling stories.

A Rabbit out of the Hat
Jan attended a magician show put on at her school. Normally, Jan does not enjoy performance arts. The magician at the show entranced the audience, including Jan. At one point, the magician pulled a fat rabbit out of his hat. Jan left the show, mesmerized beyond her imagination.

The Article
Brenda surprisingly passed her public relations class. But, there was one assignment left which was worth extra credit. Brenda took a press release to the student newspaper. A student reporter contacted her and then interviewed her. The next day there was a front page article about Brenda's experience.

Crossing the Road
Ed was always running late for work. Today he was on time. He noticed an old lady trying to cross the road. She walked very slowly. He was late again because he stopped to help her.

Learning To Drive.
I decided to get my license when I turned 18. Never have driven before, I knew I was going to need practice. I read over the driving manual for my state countless times. I also drove night and day for weeks on end. I finally felt prepared with all that practice and aced the test.

Kim's new puppy
Kim wanted a puppy. Kim's mom said if she showed she was responsible, she could get it. Kim started helping more around the house. After a few weeks, Kim's mom decided it was time to get the puppy. Kim picked a beautiful labrador puppy.

Life Changing Car Accident
One day Brittany was sitting at a red light. She saw a vehicle quickly pass her and swerve to miss another car. While avoiding the first car, the vehicle hit another car. Brittany ran to help the victims of the accident who were hurt badly. She says that seeing that car accident forever changed her life.

A Birthday Gift
For her birthday Mallory wanted to go to a waterpark. She told her family and friend this many weeks in advance. Unfortunately her family took her to the movie theatre instead. Mallory was very sad even though she got lots of presents. After that Mallory refused to celebrate her birthday with her family.

The rope
Amy wanted to go bike riding, but Kim's bike had a flat tire. Amy decided to pull Kim on skates behind her bike. Kim held a rope as Amy began riding the bike. Kim held the rope tight as Amy rode faster, and faster. Kim hit a rock and fell, skinning her knee.

stay with the group
Sam was on a field trip. They were at the zoo. The teacher said to stay with the group. Sam didn't listen and got lost. However, by the end of the day he found the class.

Mean
Abe was always insulting people. People would get angry at him. They asked him why he wasn't nicer. Abe was sorry for how he was acting. From then on, Abe was nicer to everyone.

Trip to florida
Every year my family and I go to Florida. We usually stay for the entire summer. We decided to go this year. It was amazingly fun. I can't wait to go next year.

Phillip's Hike Mystery
One day Philip was feeling lazy. To feel better, Phillip decided to go on a hike. He put on hiking clothes and got into his car. After arriving to the trail, Phillip began his trek. While walking, he discovered a mysterious gold locket in the dirt.

To the Store.
Alex ran out of bread and milk. He decided he needed to go to the store. Since he had no vehicle he decided to walk to the store. The walk was pleasant on such a lovely day. He got everything she needed and was home in an hour.

Orphan
Olive was an orphan. She wanted to find a new family. She decided to set out to find a family. A very lovely family accepted her into their home. Olive happily became part of their family.

Hockey Game
Timothy had a hockey game this week. He spent a lot of time training with his team. Their coach told them that they will all get pizza if they win. This inspired the team to play harder. Timothy's team won and got the well deserved pizza.

Phillip the Soldier
Phillip wanted to be a soldier. He woke up early every morning to exercise and stay fit. Phillip worked diligently to succeed in all of his classes. On his eighteenth birthday Philip went to the recruiter's station. Phillip was happy he was accepted to be a soldier.

Boot Camp
I just go through with swearing in at meps. We were taken to the airport by bus. We then travel to Chicago to Navy bootcamp. We were then introduce to our RDC (drill instructors). The RDC told us "welcome to bootcamp" as they laugh.

Incognito Mode
Pat and Lindsay needed to decide where to go for their honeymoon. They gathered a list of options online. The prices seemed to change so often and by large amounts. Pat suggested trying incognito mode on the web browser. They ended up seeing better rates by enabling this feature.

city
Jessica had to go to the city. She went to some museums. She really enjoyed the artwork at the MET. She took a lot of photographs. She was there for hours.

Kylie
Kylie was excited to go to her monthly diet club meeting. She had exercised and eaten healthy all month. At the meeting, she eagerly waited her turn to be weighed. She stepped up to the scale 29th a smile on her face. Kylie found out that she had lost eleven pounds that month!

Taking out the Trash
Zack was ten years old. His dad decided he was old enough to take out the trash. Zack tied the bag. Zack carried the bag to the dumpster. Zack took out the trash!

The Sculptor
There was a man who spent his whole life in front of a computer. Day after day, he felt like he was wasting some unknown talent. One day, his wife forced him to go with her to her pottery class. He reluctantly went and to his surprise, really enjoyed it! He immediately put in his two weeks notice and picked up the clay.

Being stood up
Tina had plans to go to the dance with her friends. She got ready and waited for them to arrive. To her dismay she realized they were not coming. Tina was stood up. Tina then decided to not even go to the dance after all.

Jim's Lan Party
Jim wanted to have a LAN party to play his favorite game starcraft. He invited his friends over to play. His friends set up their computers on his network. They gamed for hours on end. His friends finally left his house a few days later.

Ferris Wheel Fears
Kim and Tim went to the fair. Kim really wanted to try riding the Ferris Wheel, but she was afraid. Tim promised he would hold her hand the whole time. Kim worked up the courage and agreed. She ended up loving the Ferris Wheel and rode it four more times!

Oral Hygiene
I have to go to the dentist today. I've been taking good care of my teeth. But, I've been flossing all day. I really want to pass my exam. So, I can go out to dinner tonight.

Christmas
Christmas was around the corner and Mary needed to buy all her gifts. She made plans to go to the mall after work. The crowds were crazy but she battled through them. She had to make sure she got something for everyone. She was happy when she was all done and could relax!

A car ride ends in disaster
Abby and Beth decided to take a coast-to-coast road trip. They packed their suitcases and got in Abby's car. Abby's car was more reliable than Beth's, but had balding tires. Part Way through Wyoming, they hit black ice and slid across the road. Abby and Beth both died when their car was hit head-on by a semi.

Sickness
Madyx had never been sick at her stomach. This time she was sick enough to throw up. She vomited all over our bed. The smell was horrendous. Now we pay extra attention to her when she says her stomach hurts.

Hitting the Weight Goal
Carl lost a lot of weight. His cargo shorts became too big for him. He went to a clothing store to get smaller sizes. The smallest size was still a little too baggy for him. He bought a belt and that helped his new clothes fit.

Sore Knee
James was running before work. His knee started to hurt. He felt a sharp pain go down his leg. James had to walk back to his home. He had to take the rest of the week off from running.

Cutting the grass
One day, I noticed my grass was getting long. I decided that I would cut it and put on my shoes. I went outside and got the lawn mower ready. I pushed the lawnmower around the yard for an hour. After all my hard work, my yard looked trim and neat.

Rookie Mistakes
The waitress record my food order. When she was trying to bring the food to me, she bent one knee. The food fell on the ground and she landed on her back. Instead of worrying about the food, I tried to help her get up. She thanked me afterwards.

Volleyball Match
I served the ball to the other side. Elena managed to serve the ball back to my side. I began to approach it however, Gina ran in front. She performed a special move to hit the ball. Elena couldn't hit it and it landed on the floor.

cable
Anna was sick of her three TV channels. She called the cable company and made an appointment. Then they came to her house and set up her cable. She was excited to check out her new channels. Anna decided she was going to love having cable!

The Bad Field Trip
Sean went on a cave exploring adventure with his class from school. He had always wanted to explore underground. All of a sudden, hundreds of bats took flight! This terrified Sean and all of his class. Sean never wanted to explore underground again.

Summer Anticipation
The ice cream truck could be heard from several blocks away. One hot summer day the music played and all the kids came outside. They waited and waited but the truck did not get closer. Finally I got on my bike and rode toward the sound. The ice cream truck had a flat tire three blocks away.

Dog Clothes
Sally bought a sweater for her dog Max. Every time she'd put it on him, she'd find it off a few minutes later. She couldn't figure out how he kept getting out of it. Then one day she saw her brother taking it off of Max. He told her the dog looked miserable when he wore it.

Dot Net Generation
Lakshmi wants a high paying job. She takes a month long class to learn programming. Lakshmi finds she can obtain any code online and aces the course. She quickly gets a programming job using her new skills. Lakshmi has cut and pasted her way to success.

Dance Classes
Justin decided he wanted to take dance classes. His father and friends did not take him seriously at first. When they went to his first recital they were all amazed. They were sorry that they did not support his dance classes. They told Justin that they looked forward to his next recital.

Food
Tom and Harry were best friends in college. They would often go eat together. They searched the city for the best restaurants. They tried every restaurant in the area. They found a Thai restaurant that was their favorite.

Voice in the Attic
Martha went to the attic to put some boxes in storage. When she walked past a box of old toys, she heard something. She called out, and heard a faint voice calling back. She kept asking who was there and getting a mocking reply. Then Martha saw it was her granddaughter's doll that repeated voices.

Hot Chocolate
Otto's mom decided to give him a treat. Since it was cold outside she made him hot chocolate. He loved it. He added lot of marshmallows. He asked if they could make more later.

Color Blind
Sue always wondered why she saw things differently from her peers. She had trouble in school sometimes because of her vision. Sue decided to go to an eye doctor. The doctor told Sue that she was color blind. Sue had to wear special corrective glasses.

Sleepover Party
Allie was excited to have a sleepover party with all of her friends. She could not wait for her friends to come and party with her. When her friends got there they made their own pizzas. After dinner the girls watched a movie and ate popcorn. By the time it was ready for bed, the girls were exhausted.

shovelling
A snow storm came in the night. Ed woke up to three feet of snow! He tried to leave for work, but he couldn't. He had to shovel out the whole driveway first! Ed ended up being an hour late to work!

Shopping
Karen never liked to go shopping alone. She wanted her boyfriend to go with her but he wouldn't go. He was mean about it and Karen would end up going alone. Karen would put the shopping off as long as possible. Her boyfriend would make her go and she wasn't happy about it.

Annoying guy
I know a person who thinks very highly of himself. He constantly brags about his achievements. When I put up with him, I gradually got to know him. We are now friends, even though he is obnoxious. I'm glad I gave him the benefit of the doubt.

Window Shopping
Kacey woke up early to go to the ball. She ran across several store outlets that she liked. Several outlet stores had a display behind the front window. She decided to take a look at them. She was attracted to one store due to the items on the window display.

rain clouds
Joe wanted to go outside. There were rain clouds outside. He was not sure if he should go out. He decided to go outside. It ended up not raining at all that day.

Money
Kelly and her sister found a wallet on the street one day. It contained four ten-dollar bills! They decided they had to contact the wallet's owner and return it. When the owner arrived to get it, he gave each girl a $10 bill! The girls agreed that it really did pay to do the right thing!

Oh Norge!
Eli's ears perked up at a song in his playlist. It was a random Norwegian singer with a beautiful voice. She sounded like a cross between Joan Baez and Joni Mitchell. Eli looked up the other albums she had. He made a point of buying them to see if he'd like them as well.

Comb-over
Doug wore a comb-over to hide his bald head. Working outside on a hot windy day, Doug needed a solution. He found a clear plastic bag kept his hair in place. Doug went about his yard chores and forgot about his hair. The he heard loud guffaws from a car of teens driving by.

A piece of italy.
There was a family that loved vacationing. They traveled all over the world. Their favorite country to visit was Italy. They decided to stay there for a month. However, they eventually needed to move back home.

Favorite Time of Day
I used to like to stay up really late at night and sleep late. Now I prefer to get up before the sun comes up. I have time to make coffee and read my bible. The house is quiet and the kids are safe in bed. I sit by the window and begin work while watching the sunrise.

photos
Jay's sister had a camera. She just left it around and did not use it. Jay decided to take it for himself. He started taking photos everywhere he goes. He started loving photography.

oil
Jamie had to pay for the oil The oil guy came to her house She scrambled to get the money but couldn't find it. The oil guy waited for 2 hours. She found it in the end

The radio show.
Ashlee had an exciting opportunity. She was going to get to record a radio show. She needed to come up with an idea. She ate some pie while she brainstormed. Suddenly, she was inspired and decided on a food show.

Carelessness
I was freezing from the cold weather outside. As a result, I decided to set up a heater in my room. I became more cozy as I moved my arms around the heater. Without paying attention, the tip of my jacket was on the heater. Eventually, that part got burned.

Maria hugs a lion
Maria was so excited to finally get to go to the zoo. She had heard there was a lion there that you were allowed to pet. The lion was old, and it had been de-clawed. When she got to the zoo, she found the lion and waited in line. When her turn came, she hugged the lion.

Running in the rain.
Sean was supposed to go to his girlfriend's house after work. As he left he noticed rain begin to pour. He decided to run through the rain. He became soaking wet as he ran. Finally, he made it to the house and took cover inside.

Nancy likes bob
Nancy wanted a boyfriend. She was really interested in her friend bob. She talked to bob for a few days to get more familiar with him. Bob eventually asked her on a date. Nancy and Bob eventually got together as a couple.

Darcy
Darcy brought home a cat. It jumped on the couch and started scratching the upholstery. Darcy tried to get it off, but it hissed at her. Darcy fled the house in panic. The house claimed the home, and Darcy slept in the car.

Three Legged Race.
Oli was worried about father son day this weekend. He loved his dad and couldn't wait to spend the day with him. His only worry was the three legged race. He was worried because he knew he only had two legs. His dad found out and explained everything, so I stopped worrying.

Stranded in the snow.
Carly's husband had gone out on a snowmobile trip. While he was gone, a huge snow storm hit. It started to get late and her husband hadn't come home. She was very worried about him, and called state troopers. Luckily, they found him and his friends in the woods safe.

New Muffler
Jake's car was running poorly. He took it to the mechanic to get it checked up. His mechanic told him he needed a new muffler. His mechanic installed the new part afterwards. Jake was able to pick up his car the day after.

Broken Clock
Jimmy decided to go check the time. He realized his clock is broken. He decided to get a new clock. He went to the store and bought a grandfather clock. It worked perfectly!

computer problems
Jesse was a cook at a restaurant. He sat in the chef computer room using the computer a lot. His chef replace his computer with a drop in laptop with a monitor. Jesse plugged the old box into the new monitor. He could now use the computer again.

Promotion
Richard always wanted to get promoted. One day he showed up extra early to work. He started doing that every single day. His manager approached him 2 months later. He finally got a promotion.

Jenny Visits Arizona
Jenny has always been enchanted with the idea of visiting Arizona. She doesn't like long flights, but decides she would like to go there. Jenny and her sister board the flight for Arizona. On their trip they visit the Grand Canyon. Jenny will always remember her wonderful trip to Arizona.

Hair cut
Today I went to get a haircut. I was really nervous the hairdresser would mess up. I got there and she assured me everything was okay. She gave me a haircut. It was the best haircut ever.

Lost Thought
My aunt was approaching the toll. Since she was on the phone, she payed no attention to it. She continued to drive without paying the toll debt. A week later, she received a bill in the mail. The bill was the amount of money she owed for the toll.

No Idea
Jay had to go to a potluck dinner but he didn't know what to bring. He went online and searched for ideas. There were too many suggestions for Jay to consider. He just picked the first one he found. The first suggestion was for pulled pork so he made it.

The Championship Match
Kate worked hard to get a championship match. her opponent was tough and experienced. Neither liked each other. Both trash talked up to the fight. Eventually Kate won in a hard fought battle.

No Juice
I had to stay in the hospital for several hours. Unfortunately, my phone had 5% left. Since I had no charger, I had to keep my phone off. In order to call people, I had to use the hospital's telephone. I also had to postpone my assignments since the internet was inactive.

Marathon
Kelly decided to run in a marathon for cancer. She woke up everyday at 5am to run 5 miles. She even trained with a personal trainer to complete the entire race. On the day of the race, there was a snowstorm. The race was cancelled and Kelly felt disappointed.

Volume Too High
Larry bought a new album from the store. He went home to listen to it. He put the album in and turned it on. He put on his headphones and heard a loud noise! The volume was way too high.

Shells
Nya went to the beach. She decided to collect sea shells. She gathered every shell she could find. Soon she had dozens and dozens of shells! Nya was happy with her large collection.

Slithered Surprise
June sat down in her family's cabin. She noticed something move in the corner of her eye. When she went to inspect, a snake slithered out! June ran screaming from the cabin. From that day on, June never went alone to the cabin.

Green Hair
Jorie decided to dye her dark hair light red. She put on gloves and lathered her hair in dye. When she rinsed the dye out of her hair, her hair looked green! It wasn't even a pleasant shade of green. Jorie had to go to the hairdresser to get her hair fixed.

Suprise
Jim is retiring from his job. His wife wants to take him out for dinner. When they show up at the restaurant all his friends are there. They have a big party for Jim's retirement. Jim is very surprised and grateful.

New Neighbors
A new family moved in next door. They were very secretive and reserved. They had children that did not go to school or play outside. The cops showed up at their house yesterday. The Father abducted his children away from his mother.

Bad At Math
Terry is terrible at math! He has to take a math exam. Terry failed the exam. His class grade went down significantly. Terry is going to have to retake math next year.

Tara Finds a Kitten
Tara found a stray underweight kitten near her home. She took it inside her home. She washed the kitten to get rid of fleas. Eventually she nursed the kitten back to good health. Tara found a good home for the kitten by giving it to her mother.

No response.
Kacie wanted to approach her crush. She was nervous but decided to message him online. She spent forever deciding on the perfect message and then sent it. For hours after, she waited for a response. In the end, he never did respond back.

Police
Betty did not know there was a band called The Police. She thought people were talking about actual police officers. She thought the police put on benefit concerts occasionally. When she learned the truth, she was embarrassed. She liked the music of The Police, though, so it wasn't all bad.

Howard's First Marathon
Howard panted, lungs gasping. Sweat dripped from his grey hair. People said eighty-year-olds couldn't run races, but it wasn't true. He could see the finish line of his first marathon ahead. Then there were cheers and hugs and he knew he had really done it.

Good Riddance
Matthew was happy to leave town. As he saw city limits sign and yelled in triumph. He was on his way to his new home and wouldn't stop until arriving. He continued down the road until he approached an intersection. Matthew waved one final goodbye as he got onto the toll road.

Wasted food.
Kelly had made a big pot of soup. After dinner they had a lot leftover. She planned on eating everything to put it all to use. Unfortunately, they forgot all about the soup. By the time she remembered, it had all gone bad.

Dave's Broken Computer
Dave's computer wasn't working very well. He decided to take it apart to see if he could fix it. He took it apart, but then he couldn't put it back together again. Dave had to hire someone to put his computer back together. He decided not to try that again.

Door Handle Stuck
It was 20 below outside in Minnesota in February. When Kay tried to get into her car the door handle was stuck. She kept working until it worked, but it was stuck open. With the handle open the door wouldn't close. Kay had to wait inside the car with the heat blazing till it thawed.

On the smooth tip
I drove my car through a bad area of town. At a stoplight a man on the street corner began to cross. He walked up to my window and gestured for me to roll it down. He told me to remain on the smooth tip. I was not sure what he meant so I sped off a moment later.

Hurt
Mia cried after I broke up with her. She didn't leave her room the entire weekend. Finally she got over him. Moa eventually met a new guy. They are married now

Hot Shower
It was a cold day. So Emma was reluctant to take a shower. But the hot water made her forget the cold weather. She stayed in the shower longer than usual. But Emma couldn't stay in there forever.

Exercise
Since I sit at a desk all day, I get little exercise. I really should work out at night. But I would rather lay on the couch. I like to eat while I am on the couch. Maybe I will work out tomorrow.

Customer is Always Wrong
Pete was trying to help Kari set up an email account on her phone. Kari couldn't figure out the directions Pete was giving her. Kari got angry and blamed Pete for the problem. Kari decided she would fix the problem herself. Kari took her phone to an Apple store and they fixed it for her.

Sound Off
During the test, a phone went off in the class. The teacher walked closer to the sound. He asked my friend Brenda to take her phone out. He found out that her phone was ringing. He ended up giving her an F on the exam.

Friends
Joey wanted to make a friend. He spends all day playing video games inside. His mother suggested he go outside to meet people. Joey went outside to find a friend. Now Joey has a new friend.

New Skills
Lisa wanted to get her driver's license, so she could drive. She studied hard and got her permit. Her practiced driving with her parents. She took the driver's test. Lisa can now drive her parents car because she got her license.

Penny
It was Christmas Eve and Penny could not wait to see Santa. Before she went to Bed, Penny got out some milk and cookies. She placed the milk and cookies on the table just for Santa. She could not wait for Santa to eat the dessert. Penny went to bed feeling hopeful for Santa to come.

Luck Charm
A thin cross was Abel's good luck charm. He wore it around his neck no matter where he went. One day his friends asked where he had gotten it from. He explained that his grandfather had worn it in the war. They were surprised to hear that his family believed it protected him.

Warm Milk
Last night I just couldn't fall asleep. I tossed and turned until about two in the morning. So I got up and went downstairs to the kitchen. I filled a glass with milk and put it in the microwave. After I drank it I went back to bed and promptly nodded off.

Trees
Sara wanted to get her trees trimmed. She made an appointment with the tree company. Before they came there was a large storm. Part of an old tree fell on Sara's house! Sara wished she made an appointment sooner.

Janice
Janice never expected there to be any warning but it still numbed her. She went to the hospital and said her goodbyes. On her long train ride home she got a call from her friend Tom. Tom gave her words of encouragement and support. Janice cried and invited him over to her house.

Picnic trip
It was a beautiful summer day and I decided to go for a picnic. I have always loved going on romantic picnics with my boyfriend. We decided to go to the local park we enjoy. We brought a blanket, flowers and a basket of food. It was wonderful.

Jimmy Buys a New Lamp
Jimmy needed to get a new lamp. He had broken his old one by accident. He went to the hardware store. He found one on sale for $5. He was happy about his purchase.

Bachelor Uncle
Jan was excited to visit her bachelor uncle in the city. As the family drove, Jan thought of all the fun they had. When the uncle came to visit, he made every day a circus. Jan imagined her uncle's house would be full of color and life. When they got to his address, Jan saw it was a dark tenement.

Feel Like Making Love
Dan saw a vintage performance by Susanna Hoffs. She was doing a cover of a Bad Company song. Dan just had to get the whole tape of her concert. He found someone selling a bootleg copy of it on VHS tape. Dan bought it anyway and was immensely happy.

The Runaway Dog
Zaiden has a dog named Oakley. Oakley ran out the door when Zaiden opened it to go to school. Zaiden chased Oakley around the neighborhood, before he caught him. Frustrated and tired, Zaiden put Oakey in the house. Zayden was late for school.

Wearable Art
Pat wanted a piece of southwestern art as a souvenir of his trip. He decided to visit some art galleries in Santa Fe. There were many to choose from. He spent one whole day walking around the plaza looking at art. In the end he chose a turquoise buckle that he could actually use.

Emotional
Beth and Hake were expecting their first child. Jake decided to come to the appointment for the ultrasound. The day of the ultrasound Jake had to stay at work. Beth was said he couldn't come with. Jake was happy to see the print out of the image at home that night.

the submarine
Phil had seen an ad in the paper about the submarine. They were offering rides for 50 dollars. It was too good to pass up for Phil. He simply had to go on a submarine ride. Once onboard it was everything he thought it would be and more.

Turkey too much
Mirkle was a Christmas elf at a local department store. He had to go through training in early November. After training, he had to be part of the Christmas village. The day after Thanksgiving Mirkle start in the village. He was the best elf at the village that year.

Burned up
Jack went to the beach to work on his tan. He only planned to stay for an hour so he skipped the lotion. He fell asleep out in the sun. He woke up with a horrible sunburn. Jack vowed to never go to the beach without lotion again.

Ants
Jim was eating donuts on the couch. His wife told him not to or else they'd get ants. Jim didn't listen and ate them anyway. A short while later they got ants. Jim admitted his mistake and got rid of them.

Bad Dog
Whitney left her dog out while she was at work. When she got home the dog had torn up her throw pillows. There were feathers everywhere. She could not find the dog. Her dog had hidden because she was in trouble.

Bald Eagle
Martha wanted to go on a hike. She drove her car to the top of the mountain. She started climbing through the forests. On the path she saw a bald eagle perched on a tree. She took a picture of the eagle.

Keys
Gina wanted to sit in her dad's car to be alone. It was the only place at her grandparents she could be alone. She found her dad in the den. She waited while he finished his important phone call. Her dad was hesitant, but he allowed her to sit in his car.

The Alarm Clock
Ben had a habit of not getting up when his alarm went off. He would turn it off and go back to sleep. So his aunt gave him a clock that moved around the room. Now he'd have to get out of bed and find the clock. This worked and he finally was able to get up on time.

Exploring
Matt was bored. He decided to go explore a new part of town. He rode his bike for half an hour in a random direction. He discovered many new areas and places to go. It was a rewarding experience that he decided he would do again.

Bowling Playlist
Ben was bowling with friends at the local alley. Before his first turn he went to the jukebox. He put in a dollar and played his favorite song. Ben felt very amped up and strut back to his lane. He sang along to the song as he rolled his first frame.

Janice Takes a Bath
Janice realizes that she hasn't showered or bathed in weeks. Since she began working at home she stopped caring about her looks. She decides to take a long bath to clean up. In the bath she shampoos and conditions her hair. Janice is very happy that she has finally bathed.

James' Low Tire
James' tire on his car was getting low. He took it to the gas station to put air in it. A few hours later, it was low again. James had to take it to the tire service center. He's glad to have the tire fixed now.

Moving Apartments
Janice and Marsha had lived in their small apartment for two years. They noticed that their next door neighbors had just moved out. They contacted their landlord to see the larger place next doors. Janice and Marsha decided to move into the larger unit. Janice and Marsha now enjoy living with more personal space.

Pat And the Rug
Pat was installing a new rug in his home. He was not able to nail it down perfectly flat. He got up to go get more nails for the rug. When he came back he tripped over the bumpy rug. Pat dropped his nails and they went everywhere.

A promise to move.
Cara really wanted to move to her favorite city. Her husband was not enthusiastic, though. One day, she got him to promise they would go. Cara was really excited. Her husband wasn't be he tried to remain positive.

Yard Sale
Frank had always been a bit of a hoarder. He valued his possessions and never wanted to get rid of them. But his wife thought the house was too cluttered. She insisted on holding a yard sale. It was hard for Frank to let go, but he tried to enjoy the new start.

Tires
Bill was getting new tires on his truck. He saw them put his truck on the lift. But he noticed something wasn't right. His truck leaned a bit and then fell off the lifts! They didn't place the lift properly on his truck!

Dogs and Cats
Barney didn't like the cat. He thought the cat was trying to get into his toys. Barney often beat up the cat. The cat was a source of stress for Barney. Barney thought it was better before the cat was here.

Painful
I was walking around at night to get some water. I left all the lights off. Without realizing it I slammed my toe into a table leg. The pain made me think I broke my toe. Luckily it was fine after a few days

A box top party.
Margaret's class was collecting box tops for their school. If they could get enough box tops, they would win a pizza party. The class hadn't collected enough and time was running out. Margaret went through her neighborhood asking for box tops. Thanks to her work, the class was able to collect enough.

In the Shadows
Sal hated his walk from from school in the winter. The sun was so low that the shadows made the whole street dark. He ran from streetlamp to streetlamp to stay in the light. When he got home his mother asked him why he was so tired looking. He didn't answer and just took a nap with the lights on.

Veggies
Even on cold winter nights, Tom hated eating his hot steaming veggies. But his mom knew little Tom needed to veggies to get big and strong! Then she had a clever idea. She began cooking all the family's veggies into a thick tasty soup. Tom loved the soup and never refused to eat his veggies again!

Gained weight
Kay had a party to go to with friends. She rarely went out at night so she rarely wore fancy clothes. She tried on her favorite skirt but it was too tight. She tried 3 dresses and nothing fit. Kay decided it was time to lose some weight.

The Puddle
Andy went out to play. His mom told him he better not get dirty. Andy found a mud puddle. He jumped in the puddle. His mom was very angry.

Donations
I decided to get rid of my old clothes. I donated them to the local charity. Little did I know that the charity was selling the clothes for profit. I found out and decided to let the whole community know. Everyone boycotted the charity and they had to declare bankruptcy.

The Trump Rally
Keisha wanted to go to a Trump rally. Once inside, she felt overwhelmed because of so many white people. She blurted out, Trump how will you help black people? Security made her leave the rally. Keisha told a reporter Trump doesn't see blacks in America

Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving was always special with our family. We would go to Mass in the morning. Then head to our cousins in the afternoon. We would play football, and eat lots of good food. We would then have to spend the whole next day resting.

The Sleeping Vandal
The stop sign near Clay's home had been vandalized many times. Clay decided to find out who was doing the vandalizing. He set up a camera to capture the culprits. After several weeks, Clay retrieved his camera. Shocked, Clay learned he had started sleepwalking again.

Recommend
Lucy had a crush on a guy who worked at Blockbuster. She wanted to talk to him, but she was too shy. She worked up her courage to approach him. She asked for a movie suggestion. She rented Predator even though she didn't like action movies.

Running Away From Home
Mary had a temper issue. She would always get into fights with her parents. One day she was arguing with her mother about taking out the garbage. Mary was so mad that she ran away from home. She stayed at her best friend Jane's house for the night.

The blue ball
Sam's neighbor had a blue ball. Sam was jealous of his neighbor. One night Sam waited for his neighbor to go to sleep. Then he stole the blue ball. The next day Sam happily took his stolen blue ball to school.

Flight to NYC
I went to the airport to go to NYC. I thought my flight would be on time. However it was very late. It was quite frustrating. I didn't get to the city for another six hours.

Beer Run
The party was dying down. There were still a close group of friends hanging out. Someone decided to get more beer. Everyone pitched in. The rest of the night and drinking continued.

Asking for Too Much
Laurie was unemployed and Jessie decided to help her out. He gave her $1000 so she can catch up on her bills. The next day, Laurie came to Jessie's house again. She wanted an extra $300 on a car payment. Since the payment was late, he declined giving her anything.

The lying landlord.
Emma was about to move out of her apartment. Her landlord said that she owed some extra fees. Emma disputed that, because it was baseless. Luckily, her landlord backed off. She didn't end up paying anything.

Tattoo Gift
Gwen's cousin Erica loved to get tattoos. For Christmas, Gwen decided one of her gifts would be a tattoo. She promised to pay for it, and started trying to make an appointment. But they had trouble finding a date that worked for them both. Then Erica found out she was pregnant, and the present had to wait.

Young
Zack was nine Years old. He wanted to be an adult so bad. Adults got to drive and stay up late. Later on Zack became an adult. He finally realized how easy he had it as a kid.

New couch
Joe moved to a new apartment, but didn't have anywhere to sit. He decided to go to the furniture store. At the store, he saw a nice looking recliner. Joe paid for the recliner at the front. The next day, the furniture store had the couch delivered to Joe.

Private jet fun
Rene was excited to go on a private jet for the first time. She had seen them in movies but never tried it out. As she walked in it was gorgeous. The flight was amazing. After the flight she never wanted to fly commercial again

Buying a Stereo.
John's car had been broken into and robbed. The vandal ripped the stereo out of his dashboard. John went to the best car electronics place in town. The salesman there helped him get a much newer and better stereo. John went home happy with his purchase.

Bowling
My friends invited me to go bowling with them. I put on my bowling shoes and drove to the alley. I met up with my friends and we began to play. While walking up the the lane, I dropped a ball on my toe. I sat down and couldn't walk for the whole night.

Essay
Jane had a 1000 word essay she needed to prepare for class. She took some time to think of a good topic. She did some research online for material to put in her essay. She wrote and rewrote the essay for hours. Jane ended up with a great 1000 word essay on plant reproduction.

A gender surprise.
Rachel was getting an ultrasound for her pregnancy. Today she would learn the gender of her baby. Her husband was not able to go with her. Instead, she brought the gender home on a secret paper. Together, they read the paper and saw that it was a boy.

Follicles
The man walked into a barber shop wanting only a trim. The stylist did as he asked, but something else bothered him. The man was told his hair was thinning and may need to take measures. After some suggestions, he paid without incident, but was enraged. His words were polite, but he stormed out the door afterwards.

Cross Country
Jeff is a truck driver. He works in the western region of the United States. After 15 years, he still requests to drive in the east. One day, Jeff snapped from the boredom of his usual route. Jeff quit and drove the truck across the country towards the east.

Barista
Rachel was a barista at a coffee shop. She was sick of serving coffee to rude customers. She decided to go back to school and get a degree. Rachel enrolled in her state school for a finance degree. Now she likes her job and makes more money.

Thomas Hits Rock Bottom
Rex knew his friend Thomas was too drunk to drive home. Thomas was insistent, so Rex tried to wrestle the keys from him. A fistfight ensued, resulting in a black eye for Rex. When Thomas sobered up, he was ashamed of his behavior. Thomas went to his first AA meeting to deal with his alcoholism.

Gift
Ed wanted to give his mom a nice birthday present. But he had no money to buy her anything. Then he had a great idea for a birthday surprise. He woke early on her birthday and brought her breakfast in bed. His mom said it was the nicest gift she'd ever gotten!

New City
Haley and her family moved across the country. She was so sad to leave home. She was very unhappy in their new town. Her mom made her go out and meet kids. She quickly made some new friends.

Marketing Conference.
Silan had to go to Buffalo for a marketing conference. On his way to the hotel he decided he would stop at the market. He saw this lady in the freezer section and thought what the hell. He made a move and they started kissing right up against the freezers. Silan couldn't believe he hooked up in a market on a marketing trip.

Ten Dollar Jeans
Target was having a sale and with a coupon jeans were $10. Kim went to Target specifically to get a pair of jeans. She got the things she needed for the house and checked out. At home she realized she didn't get any jeans. She was sad when she realized the coupon expired that day.

The Baths
Brian recently took a trip to the island of Virgin Gorda. While there, Brian had the opportunity to visit a magical place. The magical place is known as The Baths. The Baths is a series of rock structures that have hidden beaches. Brian would never forget his trip to The Baths in Virgin Gorda.

Big Sale
The Store Amy worked at was having a big sale. Amy told a co-worker she wanted to buy a new coat. The co-worker told Amy to hide on in her department, lest the sell out Amy felt uneasy about hiding merchandise at work. She decided she would simply take her chances.

Halloween Costume
Benny was so excited for Halloween. He already decided to dress as a ghost. His mom helped to get his costume ready. Benny put his ghost costume on for the night. Benny and his mom went out for trick-or-treating.

GRE
I wanted to get my masters degree. So, I had to take the GRE. Alas, I was bad at taking standardized tests. Nevertheless, I studied for many months. Luckily, I did very well on the GRE!

Tripping
Carl was set to win the big race over the weekend. He was an elite track star with a bright future. At the big race he tripped within the first few meters. It tore his tendons apart and took him out of the raise. Now he's not sure if he'll be able to competitively run again.

Tan Lines
Mia went outside to get a good tan. She put on some sun lotion and laid down. After an hour she turned over to get an even tan. When the sun went down she got up to inspect her tan. She had a slight burn but was tan nonetheless.

The audition
Sara practiced for months for the audition to a play. She entered the audition with confidence that she would get the role. It would be two days till they announced who got the roles. She waited nervously those two days. Sara did not get the role.

Runaway dumpster
There once was a man who went to throw garbage out. He walked out there in the cold rainy. Right as he was throwing it away, a person jumped out. They grabbed him and tried to pull him in the dumpster. He resisted and was able to run away.

Drivers Exam
It was 6 am and Kay was waiting to take her driving exam. The instructor was stoic in the seat next to her. This made her very nervous. She made all the maneuvers and waited for the results. Kay was overjoyed when the instructor told he she just barely passed.

Timmy Fakes His Illness
Timmy was scared of going to school today. He had forgotten to do his science project. He faked being sick so he could stay home. His mother called him out of school in order to rest up. Timmy didn't feel bad for faking his illness that day.

Cats Playing
I was moving to my new house and needed to move my bed. Two of my cats decided to jump on the top of the bed while it was up. The first one up tried to make the second one fall down over the side. While the second cat was hanging I was able to give him a boost up. They both ended up sleeping on it until it was moved.

New haircut
I got a new haircut yesterday. At first I was nervous, but then I was okay. The haircut did not take a long time. Luckily it was over quickly. When it was done I loved it.

High School Reunion
Ben was a little nervous as he looked across the room. He hadn't seen his high school girlfriend since they graduated. She was his first love, so she had a special place in his heart. They were both still single so who knew what would happen? They both smiled as they saw each other across the room.

How I met my new mechanic
I was at the gas station, ready to leave and my car would not start. I searched for a mechanic from an app on my phone. I called the closest mechanic, and they said to wait where I was. The mechanic pulled up to my car, five minutes later. He fixed my car, and I have gone to him ever since.

Working Late
Kurt had to attend a late evening meeting at work. After dinner, he put on his suit and tie again. He drove to work in the dark. Kurt sat quietly in the meeting. Kurt hoped the meeting would end soon so that he could go home to bed.

The Blind Date
Ashley decided to go out to dinner one night. Her friends had invited her and she thought it seemed normal. When Ashley got there a guy was sitting at the table. She didn't know this guy and seemed confused. Ashley quickly realized that her friends set her up on a date.

Overslept
Jane had to be at work very early the next day. She set her alarm and went to sleep. She woke up and saw the sun shining through the window. The alarm was set for 6:00 am and it should still be dark out. Jane looked at the time and it was 8:00 am and knew she overslept.

Song
I put a quarter in the jukebox. I selected an old Eagles song. After a minute everyone in the bar was up dancing. When the song ended everyone looked at me. I started humming to myself as I left.

Reaction
My brother was playing on the swings. A bee flew by and attacked him. After a few seconds, his face started to get swollen. My mom took him to the hospital. He was treated with medication.

Kenya
My dad moved to Kenya. I was very lonely in America without him. So, I decided to move to Kenya with him. When I arrived in Kenya my father was happy to see me. Alas, Kenyan weather was too hot for me so I went back to America.

New School
Jacob's dad got a job transfer. Jacob had to go to a new school. Jacob was not happy about moving. When Jacob started his new school he was scared. Jacob did not make new friends quickly.

Barking Dog
Sue's neighbor's dog would not stop barking. Sue went to complain to her neighbor. Her neighbor said she was just dog sitting and the dog would go home. Sue accepted this and went home. The dog's owner picked up the dog three days later.

The Captain
Bob was a captain of a trade ship. He was driving the ship near Africa when a smaller boat came by. Suddenly, the people on the smaller boat tried to get onto the ship. Bob realized that they were pirates! He called for emergency help.

Nathan's Bear Claw
Nathan went to visit his grandmother. While there, she gave him a bear claw. Then she said that he had to wait until he got home to eat it. After a long visit, he went home with his mom and dad. He ate his bear claw later, while he played with his Legos.

New Hair
Mary was bored of her long brown hair. Her parents told her not to cut it, but she went to a salon anyways. She decided to get it cropped very short. She also got it dyed blue. Her parents grounded her, but secretly like the new look.

I went to the grocery store!
I wanted to buy some fruits for a salad. I decided to quickly run to the store to buy these fruits. Once there, I realized the fruits I needed were all in season! After purchasing them and returning home, I made the salad. The salad was cheap and delicious!

No relief
Kelly banged herself yesterday. It left a massive bruise. She wanted the pain to go away. Yet the pain wouldn't. She would be in pain another week.

The car
The Carson family wanted to take a road trip. They decided for hours over where they would go. They chose Niagara Falls. The family went and had a great time. The kids loved watching the water.

Camp
When Miranda was a child, she went to summer camp. She made lots of friends and gained self confidence there. When she became a teenager she was too old to go to camp. She became a camp counselor instead. Now she helps girls gain confidence every summer.

Dog
I had a dog. He would get lonely when I went to work. Thus, I decided to buy a second dog. Now, both dogs could play with each other while I was at work. Alas, they did not like each other.

Splash mountain
At magic kingdom I went on splash mountain. The ride was very scary. At first the ride was slow. But when we had the drops I was screaming. I didn't want to go back on it.

Field trip
Sam went on a field trip with his school. The school decided to take the students to a dormant volcano site. Each student had to pick a volcano rock to write an essay about. Sam picked up a piece of Basalt he found interesting. Sam wrote a good essay about his rock when he went home that day.

Imagination
Gina was ready to go back to her classroom. But she hadn't seen the principal yet. In her boredom she began to daydream. She imagined she had already seen the principal and wasn't in trouble. Just then the door opened to the principal's office.

Playing
Shay was playing hide and seek with his brother. He hid behind the kitchen stove. His brother looked for him everywhere. But eventually he had to give up. Shay had won the game!

My Fish Mickey
I have always wanted a fish for my small bedroom. I decide to drive to the local superstore for the fish. They have many fish. I choose a beautiful one. Finally I am home with my new fish, Mickey.

Gordo
Gordo hates the idea of having to give a presentation. Gordo begins drinking due to stress. Gordo loses self confidence. Gordo calls in sick to avoid giving a presentation. Gordo loses his job.

Lost Watch
Amy was going getting dressed for school one morning. When she was to put on her watch she couldn't find it. She looked all over, but the watch was nowhere to be seen. Finally her mother called her to go to the bus stop. Amy sulked all the way to the stop, upset she didn't have her watch.

Bridesmaid
Sally wanted to get married. So she found a man willing to marry her. And wore her prettiest dress on the big day. But one of bridesmaids was jealous. And threw red punch at Sally during the reception.

A wonderful trip to Kings Island.
We decided one day to go to Kings Island. It took a while to get all of our belongings together. Once we had our thoughts and items prepared, we set off. The interstate was really busy that day, but we made it. It sure felt good to get there in such a short time!

The Bird
A bird flew in through an open window. It flew all around inside and scared many people. A man tried to catch the bird with a net. The little bird was too quick for the man. The bird flew back out the window and escaped.

Martha is Late
Martha was suppose to pick up her daughter from school. She had overslept and was late by 20 minutes. Her daughter did not speak to Martha on the car ride home. Martha apologized to her daughter at dinner. Her daughter forgave Martha for being late.

Don't Bring Your Boyfriend Abroad
Tina was set on studying abroad for the fall semester. Her boyfriend did not want to be without her and decided to go too. The couple signed up for a writing program in Sydney, Australia. Tina very much enjoyed the program but her boyfriend was miserable. Tina learned not to bring boyfriends on any more trips abroad.

Caught Skipping School
Denise told her mom she was sick so she could stay home from school. Once her mom left Denise took off with her friends to see a concert. Denise had a great time with her friends. When she came home, Denise forgot to take off her concert wristband. Her mom caught her and grounded her for sneaking off to the show.

Birthday
Dallas was excited for his birthday. He was going to turn 21. His friends decided to take him out to a bar. He drank too much. Dallas woke up very hung over.

Running Dye
Mike was running in the gym. He started wiping his sweat with a towel. During the run he saw odd blue stains on the towel. He realized the blue stains were from the dye of his headband. He took off the headband and finished the run.

Weird Sense
I looked everywhere in the house for my Listerine slips. After searching for several minutes, I still couldn't find it. Therefore, I decided to go to sleep. However, when I woke up, I found the pack on my pants. My brother told me that he borrowed it.

Baby Bird
I saw the baby sparrow fall out of the nest. I watched as it stumbled around and seemed to be unharmed. I wondered if I should put him back in his nest. I did not have to because the momma bird still fed him on the ground. Baby learned to fly three days later.

First Merit Badge
Joey's brother had a sash full of merit badges. But Joey was new to the Scouts and didn't have any yet. He asked his brother Sean to help him get his first badge. Sean worked with him to help him get his wood carving badge. He displayed it proudly on his new sash.

Insomnia
Gina lay in bed hoping to fall asleep late at night. Gina didn't have insomnia. But she imagined this was what it felt like. She was sure sleep would never find her as she closed her eyes. The next time she opened them the sun was shining.

Christmas
My son gave me a nice Christmas gift. I collect original comic art. My son bought a piece and framed it. My son in law hung it up on the wall. I was very pleased with the artwork.

The Angry Construction Worker
Once a construction worker was angry at his boss for a pay cut. The worker felt he was the best man at the job and sought revenge. He decided that he would go and throw a pie at his boss's face. He found his boss and hit him square in the face. The man was promptly fired but felt much better.

Long car ride
My friends and I decided to go to the cape. It was a long car ride. We decided to watch a long movie to keep us occupied. When we got there it started to rain. Thankfully we had umbrellas.

Left
Jacob left the store with an unpaid item accidentally. He started questioning if he should bring it back. Jacob does not have a lot of money. He decided to be honest. He went back and paid.

Shiny & New
Josh was excited to get a new car. He drove all over the city, to places he'd never driven before. A carjacker noticed Josh's new car. He hijacked the vehicle using a gun and threats. Josh was so frightened, he crashed the brand new car.

Closed
Amy needed to go to a store that she rarely visited. She didn't drive, but it was only 30 minutes by bus. When she arrived the store had no lights on. Amy walked over to discover they had moved to a new location. It took another 30 minute bus ride and an hour back home.

Accident
Nick was on the way to work in his car. It was raining that day and he was trying to drive carefully. When coming up to a light, he put on his brakes. To his surprise, the car skidded on the pavement into the car in front Luckily, there was no damage to either car.

Daniel's Drama Performance
Daniel was preparing for his new role when he heard a noise. Part of the set collapsed. No one was hurt, but he had to help fix the stage. He was disappointed he didn't get to rehearse his lines. Daniel thought about quitting drama.

Beauty School
Nickole was so excited to be in beauty school. She was the first to arrive to class. She sat as close as she could to the instructor. When the instructor needed an assistant, she called on Nickole. Nickole was the best student at beauty school.

Big Biceps
Jim felt that he had small biceps. His coworkers even made fun of his biceps. Jim decided to get bigger biceps. He went to the gym for a few months and did bicep curls. Eventually, Jim had the biggest biceps out of all his coworkers.

Lost
Rodriguez decided to go hiking in the mountains. After climbing some time, he realized no landmarks looked familiar. Rodriguez tried to retrace his steps, to no avail. He screamed for help, and waited for a response. All he heard was his own echo.

fish tacos
I asked my wife to make fish tacos for me for dinner. I love how easy they are to make. She usually will make those and some avocado salsa to go with. I love all the flavors in the tacos. It is one of my favorite foods, and she made my day.

Sneak Out
Mariah was grounded by her dad for failing one of her classes. She became intense since he couldn't go to a party tonight. However, she tried to sneak out of her bedroom window. Her dad noticed her since he was outside. Mariah froze for a couple of seconds.

Going to the Play
My wife loves musical. I hate them and don't get them. She got us tickets for our anniversary to Wicked. I was unsure about it at first. Within halfway through I started singing along, though.

A new pool.
Greg bought a pool. He put it outside. Using a pump, he blew it up. Then, he filled it with water. Finally he went swimming.

The work party.
Mandy was required to go to her workplace Christmas party. She didn't want to go, but she tried to be positive. She showed up on time and tried to mingle with her coworkers. All of them were annoying her, so she decided to hang out alone. Luckily, time passed quickly and she was able to go home.

Worms
Glen gathered worms for fishing. He wanted to get a good batch of worms together. He was hoping to bring his daughter fishing for the first time. Glen couldn't find a single worm. Glen bought some worms from the store instead.

Test meltdown
Michael loved to get good grades. One day he failed a test. He got so upset he destroyed his computer. His computer was all he had to study for tests. Michael failed many more exams shortly afterwards.

Dog food
This morning when we woke up we didn't have any dog food. We went to the pet store to buy more dog food. The employee at the pet store helped us get the dog food. We bought the dog food. Once we got home we fed the dog.

Sam
Sam was a funny boy who always made his friends laugh. This was sometimes a problem though because it got them in trouble. Sam didn't know the right time or place to make his friends laugh. Sam's teacher got his friends and Sam in trouble for playing. Soon Sam learned that making his friends laugh in class was a bad idea

Steve's Vacation
Steve couldn't wait to get a vacation from work. He had been saving his vacation days for a big trip. Steve booked airline tickets to Hawaii. He went on his trip. Steve had the time of his life.

Tom's accident
Tom was going too fast on his motorcycle. He went around a curb at an excessive speed. He flipped and had to go to the ER. He was airlifted and had to stay overnight. Luckily, Tom is okay.

No Tool
Sam bought a piece of art at a fair. He took it home and wanted to hang it on his wall. He found a nail but no hammer. Same used a rock to drive the nail in. The picture was hung on the wall.

Late movie
Mike was bored after work. He drove down the video store and rented a movie. After watching it, mike forgot to return it. A week passed before Mike finally noticed the movie. Mike grabbed the movie and rushed it back to the store.

Criticized
Henry decided to carry his famous lasagna to the party. Eventually, Terrence brought his casserole. Jenna was the last person to the party. She came empty handed. Everyone was yelling at her for bringing nothing.

The Dance
Avery loved to dance. She decided the enter the talent show at her middle school. She had stage fright and was nervous the night of the show. She made the judges cry with her beautiful ballet performance. She won first place in the talent show.

Fresh Sushi
On a trip through the desert, Karen spotted a sushi restaurant. She was skeptical of the place, there was not any water for miles! Her curiosity got to her, and Karen stopped at the place for dinner. Once inside, she knew how the place managed to stay in business. The only items on the menu were tuna, from right out of the can!

Football Tryouts
James wanted to be a football player. He worked very hard to get good enough to join the team. He went to tryouts and did his very best. After some deliberation, the coach told him he was on the team. Hard work and determination paid off for James.

Day At The Beach
Me and my friend went to the beach last Friday. We wanted to get some pizza before we went swimming. We ordered some nice double cheese pizza and ate while chatting. We then put on our bathing suits and went for a swim. After swimming all day, we finally headed back home.

Smoking a cigarette
John's friends all smoked cigarettes. John felt left out whenever they would all go out to smoke. One day, he went out with them and asked for one. His friend Larry gave him one, and John lit up. He started coughing and choking, and he decided never to smoke again.

Jesse's Tattoo
Jesse decided to get a tattoo on his finger. When he went to the artist, he would not do a tattoo there. Jesse decided to get black birds tattooed on his chest instead. This was way too much. Jesse now regrets his awful tattoo.

Sunny Day Out
It was a nice spring day out. Sam figured he would go to the park. He went on a walk and lost track of time. Without knowing he got sunburned. It made Sam stay inside for days after that.

The Creepy Motel
It was late at night when we finally checked into the creepy motel. We were already nervous after climbing the dark staircase to our room. The room was actually an old and run down apartment full of bugs. Then we saw a block of sharp knives in the otherwise empty kitchen. We quickly decided to find another hotel at 1:00am.

Ice Cream
Liz had four kids, and they were all driving her crazy! She decided to take them all to the ice cream shoppe. They laughed and shouted, and dribbled ice cream everywhere. Liz bundled them into the car and counted heads. She realized she had almost left her youngest behind!

At Home
I graduated college. I could not find a job. I had to move back home with my parents. They were glad to have me home. However, I felt disappointed in myself.

Before Bedtime
I used to perform a nightly ritual before bedtime. I would have a cup of tea and read a book in bed. But, I would always have to get up again to use the bathroom. Eventually I realized that I could not drink so much right before bed. Nowadays, I stop drinking about an hour before bedtime.

The ghost
Tiffany worked in an old nursing home with an unused upstairs. People told ghost stories about the upstairs,which was used for stock. One day Tiffany had to go up there alone to get something. While up there all the old call lights turned on. She ran downstairs and told her coworkers.

The new bike
Ricky loved the new bike he received for his birthday. He climbed on the bike, afraid to ride without training wheels. His dad held the back of the bike as he began riding. When he turned around he saw his father far behind. Ricky smiled as he realized he was riding all by himself.

The Puppet Show
James walked on stage to perform a puppet show. He set up his puppets and began performing a skit. While performing, the lighting suddenly went wrong. His technician began to work on the lighting to fix it. The technician fixed the problem and James finished his show in peace.

The Fisherman
One cold morning, A fisherman was alone out on his boat. The fish were not biting, but he knew to be patient and wait for them. After hours of waiting, a fish bit and the fisherman reeled it in. The fisherman sighed, the fish was small enough to fit in his hand. He let the fish go, hoping his kindness would bring him luck.

Lost and Found
One day, I found a ring sitting on a bench at school. I brought it to the principal's office. I was hoping the owner would return to collect the ring. After 90 days, the owner never returned for the ring. The principal decided I could keep the ring and I was very happy.

Larry's Morning
Larry decided that he wanted to bike to work yesterday. It was so nice out he couldn't resist the temptation to ride his bike. As he was riding he realized that he wasn't going to make it on time! He had to stop and call his boss that he was going to be late. Larry arrived late to work but it was okay because he called ahead.

Ran out of ink
Kelly sat down to take her math test. She had her blue pen. In the middle of the test however, her pen ran out of ink. Kelly didn't know what to do. Luckily her teacher gave her a new one.

The Flash
Earl cleaned out his car to get rid of all the junk. He found an old camera in the back seat that he forgot about. Earl turned the camera on and took a few photos. The flash of the camera hurt his eyes. Earl rubbed his eyes and rested before going back to cleaning.

Dana forgot the boys lunches
Dana got her kids ready for school and put them on the bus. Then Dana realized that she forgot to pack their lunches. Dana called the secretary and told her she was bringing their lunches. Next, Dana got in her car and drove to the school. Dana got to the school and delivered the lunches to the front desk.

Uber
Rameel was an Uber driver. A man he drove before had been very rude to him. The next time he saw him, he refused to drive him. The man cursed Rameel, and Rameel filmed it. The video went viral, and the man was mocked on social media.

Thirsty
Mike went for a long run. He forgot to bring water with him. Half way through the run, he saw a water fountain. The water fountain was broken. Mike was unable to finish his run.

Bad Biscuits
Sasha wanted to make some biscuits, so she bought the ingredients. She went home and started to follow the recipe instructions. She got the biscuits all ready to go in the oven. They cooked, but they did not come out right. She forgot an ingredient, so she decided to just go to bed.

Timmy loses his dog
Timmy loved his dog One day he took his dog for a walk But his dog got off his leash and ran His family spent all night searching for the dog Eventually the dog came home.

Art Teacher
Bianca likes to teach art to children. She set up an art studio to give classes to them. The first day she had all of her seats filled for the class. She taught them new techniques and terms they would be using. At the end of the day she felt that it had been a success.

Moving Day
Lynn's parents told her that they were moving. She was bereft at having to leave her friends. She said a tearful goodbye to her best pals. At her new school, it took awhile to become comfortable. Soon however she had made new friends.

Nosejob
Hillary saw her nose in the mirror one day and decided she hated it. She looked up a local plastic surgeon and made an appointment. She drove to the place for her appointment and got ready. The surgeon put her under and then went to work on her. When Hillary woke up, she had a brand new nose and a bandaged face.

Car Washed
Gina wanted money to go to the mall. Her dad offered to pay her to wash his car. Gina needed the money so she agreed. She washed the car and finished in 30 minutes. Her dad pointed all the spots she missed, and made her start again.

The Accident
Julie usually takes her dog outside to potty before she goes to bed. She was preoccupied one night and forgot to take him out. Her dog had an accident on the floor. Julie slipped and fell into the mess. Julie vowed to never forget to take her dog out again.

Money
There once was a requester on mturk. They put up hits asking people to write stories. The stories got progressively weirder. One person in particular caught the eye of the requester. This led to the requester giving that person a high paying qual.

Swimming Laps
Ted loves running on the treadmill at his gym. He has done it for Years but now it's taking a toll on his knees. He asked his doctor what to do if he can't run without pain. His doctor recommended swimming and said it's a better workout. Ted now swims laps every day at his gym and loves it.

Bicycles
I used to ride bicycles. I rode bicycles of many colors. One day my red bicycle was stolen. I called the police and they captured the thief. The thief went to jail and my bike was returned.

Trash
Aaron put a lock on the department dumpster. Because Aaron was a small man, his ego was often hurt. He eagerly waited for people to react to what he'd done. People were not at all pleased with what Aaron had done. They put Aaron in a dumpster and set it on fire.

The New Job
My summer goal was to get a new job. I spent a few weeks applying to everyplace in town. The grocery store called me for an interview. The manager was kind and the interview went well. I start two days from now and can't hardly wait.

Fish Restaurant
Chad loved to eat fish. Chad saw an advertisement for a new fish restaurant in town. Chad decided that he would give the restaurant a try. Chad ordered a poached Mahi Mahi, with a side of rice. Chad loved the food, and knew that he would return.

The picnic
Amy and Jack wanted to go on a picnic on a sunny day. Amy packed a lunch. They got in the car and drove to the park as the sun shone on them. When they arrived at the park it began to rain. Amy and Jack decided to have the picnic in the car instead.

Going to School
Joshua was nervous to go to preschool today. He was used to staying at home with his grandma. When mom dropped him off she told him to have a good day. Joshua looked around and saw many other boys and girls. He made new friends as was excited to come back again.

Sam's Computer Crashes
Sam had just recently upgraded his computer. He wanted to play Fallout 4 when it came out. He downloaded the game on release date. When he launched the game he got an error message! Sam was sad and cried because his graphics card was unsupported.

Diamond
Jim set out searching a diamond mine for treasure. He searched all day and didn't find a single gem. As he was leaving, he saw a woman standing in the sunlight. They fell in love immediately; she was perfect for him. Until this day, he says that the best treasure is love.

Sheer
Joy's mind sheared away from images she didn't want to dwell on. She was putting together a photo album for her family. Joy found many pleasant pictures to put in it. She had the photo book printed, one for every family member. Joy sent them all in time for Valentine's Day.

Army
Linda signed up to be a part of her country's army. She was worried she would not get the best position assigned to her. Fortunately, her commanders recognized her potential and her skills. Linda was assigned to a good position for a person with her talents. She serves her country proudly.

Football Party
Lea was excited to go to her first football party today at Joe's. Joe laid out many snacks and had his nice TV out for everyone. Lea sat on the couch and ate lots of potato chips while watching. To Lea's delight, her team was winning the game. At the end of the game, everyone cheered.

Playground Woes
The playground was Ryan's favorite place to be. Unfortunately, the rain was keeping him from it. Ryan looked out the window and lost hope. Just then the sun started to show. Ryan tore through the doors and raced to the playground.

Study
Bill was a college student. Bill desired to get straight A's. Bill enlisted the help of his smart friends. Bill organized a study group. Everyone in the study group got straight A's.

Ness
Ness wanted to throw a surprise party for her sister. She passed out invitations the week before. Then she decorated the house while her sister was out. When her sister came home, she was so thrilled! Ness was so happy her party was a success.

Tool Box
Gary had a large tool box in his garage. Gary's wife, Sally, went out to the garage to get a tool. She opened the top drawer and found a large bull snake coiled up. She ran out of the garage screaming and yelling. Sally refuses to ever go near the tool box again.

Road Trip
Sam and Sue decided to travel to Sally's house. The trip to Sally's house would take 2 days driving in a car. Sam and Sue began driving and finally made it to Sally's house. When they knocked on the door, an unknown man answered the door. Sally had moved to another town and never told Sam and Sue!

Always Check First
It was a beautiful morning. I decided to take the dog on a nice long walk. Out of nowhere it started to pour rain. The dog and I ran all the way back home soaking wet. Now I always check the weather before taking the dog for a walk.

Never Let the Man Go Shopping
Jane decided to ask her husband to go grocery shopping. She gave her husband a list. Her husband returned a few hours later with the groceries. He forgot the spinach. Jane decided to never again let her husband go grocery shopping.

Favorite Band
Bob's favorite band was putting out a new album in a month. Bob preordered it on Amazon to get it as soon as possible. He shook with anticipation as he put it in his CD player. The album, sadly, was a disappointment. Bob's favorite band was no longer his favorite band.

Trick Shot
Henry had several seconds to shoot the ball. He couldn't get through the double team so he ran through them. He got fouled by one of the opponents but ended up throwing the ball. The ball landed into the hoop. His team ran towards him to congratulate him.

headphones
A man was running while listening to his headphones. He got so sweaty he ruined the headphones by getting them wet. He then went shopping to get new headphones. He searched long and hard for a great pair for running. He eventually found a wonderful pair of headphones for running.

Night Time
Gene loved to have his grandchildren over. He just hated the night time. It was hard to put them to bed. He made grandma put them to bed. Now they are always well behaved.

Selfish Audience
The principal announced the valedictorian for the senior class. The person was asked to walk across the stage. Jen was jealous that he won and was shouting in an angry manner. A security guard noticed her nose and told her to calm down. She remained quiet throughout the rest of the ceremony.

Turkey prep confusion.
Amanda was making her first Thanksgiving turkey. She had no clue how to remove it's neck and things like that. She called her grandma up for advice. With her grandma's instructions, she was able to figure it out. She was proud of herself for trying something new.

A Twist Ending
It was a nice day, so Paul decided to take a hike in a nearby canyon. Halfway there, he realized he had forgotten his cell phone. He decided not to go back for it, figuring nothing bad would happen. While hiking, he twisted his ankle and regretted not having his phone. Another hiker helped him and Paul vowed not to forget his phone again.

I got a dog.
I wanted to get a pet for my house. I considered several options. I settled on a dog, since they're a lot kinder. Once I had picked a dog out, I took him home. He's very happy in my house now!

Off the Hook
Alan tried to get some candy from the vending machine. However,the lever inside the machine froze. In an attempt to get it out, he kept hanging the front window. A security guard told him to stop. Since he understood the situation, he only gave Alan a warning.

Rental truck
They rented a truck to head to Ikea. They arrived at the store and did their shopping. When they were done Brian went to get the truck. He couldn't get it to start. He finally figured it out and they were able to go home.

Sasha & Kristian
Sasha is a 3 year old Staffordshire Terrier. Kristian is her 10 year old human. They love to go on long walks. Sasha loves it most when Kristian throws her ball for hours. Sasha and Kristian are wonderful together.

Saint Nick
Every December 6th we hang our stockings. We wake the next morning to find them. They were filled with candy and treats. We felt so lucky and special. We always looked forward to Saint Nick.

Rolls Royce
Roy rolled the best dough out of everyone he knew. He would bring his rolls to picnics around the neighborhood. One day, a businessman joined his group during a picnic. He had one taste of Roy's rolls and offered him a deal! Roy accepted and now runs his own bakery rolling dough all day!

The cold soup.
Eliza was trying to heat up soup. She put the bowl in the microwave for a very long time. Even after all that time, the soup was still cold. She had to repeat that process a few times. Finally, after many minutes, her soup was warm.

Drinking Mickey
Mickey is a heavy drinker. He drinks at work and at home. His coworkers try to get Mickey some help so he won't get fired. One day his boss catches him drinking in the breakroom. Mickey loses his job and is admitted into AA.

Sandwich
Sam decided to go out for lunch. She went to a sandwich shop and got her favorite sandwich. When she walked out the door she was a homeless guy sitting outside. Sam went over to him and gave him the sandwich. She was happy to have helped someone less fortunate than her.

Riding a Bike
Albert never learned to ride a bike. He is 17 Year's old now. Last week he tried to learn for the first time. He fell over and over again. He feels foolish and has given up trying.

Nalgene Bottles
I like Nalgene bottles. They are very durable. The lids stay on tight. I put my bottle into the dishwasher and destroyed it. I bought another one and am careful cleaning it.

Harrison needs a house.
Harrison is getting sick of his house. He decides he needs to move to a new area. He learns that his job is transferring to another city. Harrison excitedly looks for a home in the new city. He bought his dream house in a great area and is happier than ever.

Singing
I loved to sing. Alas, I was not a good singer. I decided to take lessons to improve my voice. Alas, the lessons did not help. I decided that singing was not the hobby for me.

Move for Love
Blake was ready to move from his home state. He was dating a girl who moving back to her home state soon. Blake loved the girl and was willing to move with her. He packed up all his stuff and moved his whole life. Unfortunately after three months the girl broke up with him.

Bob Builds a Fence
Bob was watering his garden. He noticed he had pests eating his lettuce leaves. Bob set up a camera to find out who the intruders were. He checked the footage the next day to find rabbits. Bob made a fence around his garden to protect it from rabbits.

Dinner Date
Jack wanted to go on a date with Jessica. They decided to go to a local Italian restaurant. Jessica orders the most expensive things on the menu. Jack can't afford all of this. Jack and Jessica decided to split the bill.

The Jelly Bean Contest
Molly's teacher put out a jar of jelly beans. She asked the students to guess how many were in the jar. Molly shrewdly estimated the quantity of jelly beans. The teacher revealed the true amount in the jar. Molly's guess was the closest and she won all the candy!

Spades
Gina's parents played spades. But she and her siblings weren't allowed to watch. Gina would make excuses to go into the dining room and watch. She would stay until her parents made her leave. Gina realized she wanted to learn how to play herself.

Baseball Injury
Jake was playing catch with his dad. Jake threw a baseball for his dad to catch. His dad missed, and the baseball hit him right in the face. Jake got his father some ice to put on his face after. His dad had to miss work the very next day.

The Rebel
The final curtain of the show came down and the audience went wild. Some people slowly began to stand up to give an standing ovation. Jeff refused to raise from his chair. Everyone but him stood up and Jeff felt self-conscious. He slid further into his chair to not be noticed.

Motivation
Olivia was having a lot of problems. She was unhappy in all aspects of her life. She decided to get a life coach. She helped her get motivated. It helped her have some direction in her life.

New Computer
Amanda loved the computer she had for many years. Unfortunately yesterday it died on her. She decided to go out and get a new one today. She looked everywhere. Finally she found the perfect computer at the Apple store.

Curb and Cry
Lucy was lost in a neighborhood she didn't know. She had been walking for hours trying to get back there. It was dark now and she was crying and afraid. She had no idea how she was going to find her way back. Lucy sat down on the curb, and began to cry.

Fishing Travails
Ted wanted to go fishing. He went to get his boat ready. He was startled by a family of opossum living inside his boat. He spent all day getting rid of the animals. That night he reminded himself that he could still go fishing tomorrow.

Got Caught
Lucy was forced to stay in her room for a day. She begged her grandma to let her go back outside. Her friend Lisa only came for the weekend. Lucy didn't want to miss a whole day of play. Her angry grandmother sent her to her room with no dessert.

Guns
Kevin was scared of guns but his dad used them for hunting. One day Kevin was asked if he wanted to go hunting. Kevin decided he would go try it with his dad. He did not like it at all and let his dad know. Kevin's dad supported him in his decision.

Hot Shower
Karen had a long day at work. She wanted to relax at home. She decided to take a hot shower. It felt so good she lost track of time. She only got out when the water got cold.

Hotel
Sam and Jess did not know what to do. They decided to run around in a hotel. They kept climbing the stairs and knocking on doors. They ended up getting in trouble. They got kicked out

Fred Gets Divorced
Fred and his wife Carol have been arguing almost every day. Fred decides to get away from home one weekend to think. He visits his brother to discuss his marriage problems. When he returns home, Fred tells Carol he wants a divorce. While they are both sad, they know it is the best thing.

First Dance
Cheyenne had never been to a dance before. She put on the corset and hoop skirt followed by the bright pink gown. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she watched the others dance. When the tall, handsome soldier walked up to her she couldn't breathe. In the next second the world was a blur as he spun her in his arms.

Plenary Failure
Some friends decided to have a picnic. They would each bring something. Sadly, they did not discuss who would bring what. When the day came around, they all brought potato salad. The picnic was not a success.

The all night chat.
Sara was getting ready to go to bed. Then, her boyfriend called. They began talking and stayed that way all night. As the sun rose, she was having trouble staying awake. He said goodnight and she fell asleep.

Dog chase
My dog likes to chase my cat. She'll hide behind some furniture until she sees the cat. When she sees it, she'll jump out and chase it. Then the cat will start chasing the dog. After they get tired, they will nap together.

Half marathon
One night while drinking margaritas a group of women began planning. They thought it would be a good idea to walk a half marathon. They began to train and walked a little further each week. The morning of the marathon they were so anxious and nervous. They all finished in under four hours and were so proud.

Pregnancy news
This past month I was not feeling well. I decided to take a pregnancy test. To my delight the test came back positive. I was elated. I couldn't wait to tell everyone.

Only Mean Things to Say
Gina was at the store buying snacks. Her brother and his friend Joe were outside the doors. Gina normally avoided Joe, but there was no where to go now. Gina exited the store and tried to walk past them. Unfortunately, Joe saw her and yelled mean things as she walked away.

Party
Nita had poor grades. She wanted to go to a party that weekend, but her mom hesitated. She said Nita should not go anywhere until her grades improved. But finally, she relented and let Nita go to the party. Nita was so relieved that her mom had let her go!

Pizza Party
Henry does not like to go to school. One day his principal said they would have a pizza party. The pizza party was for kids with good grades. Henry studied very hard everyday. Henry got good enough grades to go to the pizza party!

Media Day
It was Media Day and Amy's class went to the library. The library had a small computer lab. Half of the class was allowed to visit the computer lab at a time. Amy crossed her fingers and hoped to go in the first group. Amy was sad she wasn't picked to go first.

Hearing
Jason liked to drive fast. He had lots of tickets for speeding. He had to go to court. At court the judge was not happy. Jason had to pay lots of fines.

The New Baby
Richard was so excited to get a new baby sister. His mom and dad told him that soon he would be a big brother. Richard learned everything he could about having a baby sister. When his sister finally came he couldn't believe it! He was the best big brother to his new baby sister.

Bread
Tanner loved toast. He hated bread. He couldn't wait until he could use the toaster. His mom came down and plugged it in. Tanner watched in amazement as his bread crisped.

Walk
Adam is walking in the city. he sees an old lady trying to cross the street. He tries to take her across the street. She wasn't having it. She yelled at him.

That's Airlines For You
A husband and wife went on vacation to Hawaii. To save money, they hid the husband in a suitcase. The flight in the unpressurized cargo hold was grueling. Worse, the airline lost the luggage. He spent his vacation in the Vladivostok baggage claim.

Almost There
Frank's favorite band was in town. He had to go see their concert. He left the house that night with his friend Jim. His tire popped on the way out of the neighborhood. Frank never made it to the concert.

Topspin
Tripp wanted to learn how to put a topspin on his serve. He was a more advanced tennis player. He sought out a tennis pro to help him. He finally perfected his topspin. His game improved even more.

Fishing
Jared had never been fishing before. Last spring he got the chance to go for the first time. He didn't catch anything and got sunburned. All his friends had a good time. He decided fishing wasn't for him.

Fight At The Park
My friend Ben and I went to the local park to throw a football. We began to throw the football back and forth. Out of nowhere we heard yelling. We looked over and there was a fight going on between two men. The bigger man won and walked away.

Cravings
Lois didn't want any more peanut butter. She put the lid on and put the jar away. She vowed to battle her cravings more vigilantly. At dinner that night the jello reminded her of jelly. She wished she was eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.

Horse ride
Tom went to go ride horses. The first time he tried, he fell off. The horse didn't like him. Tom fed the horse grains. After that the horse let him ride for a long time.

Key
Belle lost her keys. She arrived home from work but she couldn't get in. She checked her windows, but they were all locked. She had to call a locksmith for help. The locksmith let Bella into her house.

The Gator
Beth was on lunch and decided to eat in her car. In the canal in front of her car Beth spotted an alligator. Beth decided to move her car before she went back inside. The alligator moved to the new spot Beth was parked and watched. Beth quickly made her way back inside watching over her shoulder.

Ted loses the bet
Ted wanted to take a risk He decided to bet all of his money on a horse race The night of the race came Ted was sweating bullets Ted lost the bet and all of his money

Leg day
Bo wanted to add bulk to his slight frame. He went to the gym every day to lift weights. But still his legs were thin and weak! Bo decided to dedicate one weekday JUST for leg exercises. In a few months his 'leg day' had made his legs muscular and strong!

Herbal solution
Jon had type 2 diabetes. He was trying really hard to get rid of it. He decided to go full vegan and only use herbal remedies. He felt better and better and kept up his herbal plan. Eventually, he got rid of his diabetes.

The Tudor
Deb was failing her math class at school. She needed to get a passing grade in order to graduate. She hired a part time math tutor to help her at night. She worked hard for a few weeks and began passing the tests. She ended up passing the entire class and was able to graduate.

A Trip to the Pet Store
One day, a boy had some free time and decided to go to the pet store. The boy loved dogs, but had his attention caught by the cats. He found a cat he loved and named it Lucy. He brought Lucy home, but was worried Lucy might not like his dogs. Luckily, his dogs and Lucy got along very well and were happy.

England
Michael loves England. One day, Michael decided to take a trip to England. When Michael arrived, it was as beautiful as he had imagined. Michael spent a week in England. When Michael returned home, he promised to take another trip soon.

Peanuts
I loved peanuts. But, many companies put too much salt in their peanuts. Thus, I decided to roast my own peanuts. Alas, I burned the peanuts. Nevertheless, they tasted great without the excess salt!

Christmas is Coming
Gina rode the bus home from school. Her mother didn't like for her to walk alone. She was worried someone might abduct her. But all of Gina's friends walked home from school. Gina felt like a nerd everyday when she boarded the bus at 3 PM.

Waitress
Katie was sixteen when she started her first job as a waitress. She was excited to start, but also slightly nervous. She had trained, and thought she'd be able to carry the tray. But on her first order she overbalanced, and the tray crashed down. Katie realized she had a lot more to learn about being a waitress.

The New Phone
One day, Maria decided to go out and buy a new phone! She went to the electronics store and picked out a nice looking one. She talked to the cashier and he gave her a little discount. Then, she took the phone home and opened up its box. Maria then booted up the device and was very happy.

Bad Hair
Jane needed a haircut. Her normal stylist was out of town. She decided to give someone else a chance. The new stylist chopped off too much of Jane's hair. Jane left in tears and will never go back.

Fun day at the Carnival
Sam took his friend Mary to the carnival in town. They really wanted to go on the ferris wheel. They waited in line for close to half an hour for the ride. They got inside and could see the entire town from high up. They took a picture of themselves when they reached the top.

Bunny Ears
Chloe's son always ate the ears of the chocolate bunny. He would leave the rest. For Easter, Chloe made a mold of a bunny. Its ears were three times the length of its body. She made a special almost-all-ears chocolate bunny for her son.

Molly's gambling luck
Molly is at a casino pouring her hard earned money into poker. She's way behind and convinced she's going to win her money back. Molly continues to fall behind. Molly finally leaves having blown her paycheck on poker. Molly comes home to find her possessions on the street.

Poorly cut food.
Amanda was making veggies for some burgers. She was trying to make a nice tomato slice. For some reason she couldn't get a clean slice. The knife kept slipping and making awkward shaped tomatoes. She tried a new method and that worked better.

The Castle Crypt
Marissa and Brad visited an old castle. Brad tried to convince Marissa to go see the castle crypt. The two entered the very cold basement while holding hands. While in the crypt, Marissa asked constantly to leave. Brad lead her out of the crypt and hugged her until she was calm.

Keys Overboard
Dan was on a ferry to Staten Island. He sat on a bench when he heard his keys fall out of his pocket. He stood to pick them up and kicked them by accident. Dan's keys slipped off the boat. Dan had to call his wife to come open the door to the house.

Tanning Salon
Mary always felt bad about being pale. She decided to get a tan. She went to a salon. While in the bed she slept through her alarm. She was really badly burned.

Panic Road
The highway was backed up for miles and no car moved. Everyone was in a hurry to get out of the city before the event. People began to leave their cars and run down the roads. The next day all of the cars were empty and the people were gone. The event happened in the city and no one was there to see it.

Minnie
Minnie was distraught after she lost her parents in an accident. She spent days and weeks crying over the loss. Her friend suggested that she go volunteer to help her grief. Minnie ended up volunteering for a hospice organization. This helped Minnie move forward in her life.

21st Birthday
For Isabel's 21st birthday, she and her friends decided to go to Vegas The four girls could not wait to arrive at the city's destination. The girls arrived at the Palms Hotel and Casino to settle down. Isabel's highlight of the trip was the hotel restaurant that was good. To her delight, Isabel and her friends had a fantastic time.

Stinky Days Ahead
Cal went to put on his deodorant and discovered it was empty! He hadn't thought to purchase a back up either. Cal wondered what he was going to do to avoid stinking all day. Suddenly he had a very sensible idea. Cal used some baking powder under his arms and went to work.

The Teenager
Kevin was a teenager who didn't care about school. His father noticed he was failing all of classes and acting lazy. So he made Kevin get a part time job at a fast food restaurant. Kevin learned that he didn't want to work there his whole life. He decided he was going to work harder in school for a better job.

Prom Pals
Lily had nothing to wear to prom. She called her best friend Kalynn to go shopping with her. They went to five different stores. Kalynn liked the red dress the best. Lily purchased the red dress to wear to prom.

Trust Fall
Eliza had to do a trust fall in gym class. She climbed the rope unsteadily. Then, shaking, she closed her eyes and fell backwards. A net of friends caught her and lowered her to safety. Eliza smiled, realizing she truly could trust her friends.

Driving to Work
Dave was running late. He needed to get to work quickly. So he borrowed a friends car. He made it to work just in time. Dave bought his friend a present to show he was grateful.

tickets
Anne's favorite band was coming to town! But she could not afford the tickets. She decided to enter the radio contest to try to win some. She tried over and over to be the lucky caller. Finally, she was the lucky one and won the tickets!

Oyster Shell
We went to a seafood restaurant for my wife's birthday. I kept an oyster shell as a souvenir. I put it in my coat pocket and forgot about it. Later i was afraid it would smell up my coat. Luckily it did not.

Grandma Dovie
Grandma Dovie isn't feeling well. She gets admitted into the hospital. The doctors do not think she will get better. She passes away later that night. Her family mourns their loss.

Baking
I decided to bake some bread. First, I put all the ingredients together. After that, I let the dough rise. Finally, I baked the dough into bread. The bread came out delicious!

Bear
When we were camping we saw a bear. He was climbing an apple tree. My husband decided to walk toward the bear to get a picture. I thought he was crazy. I turned around and walked away and my husband followed.

Costume Party
Paul decided to throw a costume party. Paul sent out several invitations to his friends and family. In preparation for the party, Paul bought several decorations. In addition, Paul had food and drinks catered. Paul could not wait for the costume party to begin.

Another Way Home
Gina was second guessing her route to the store. There was too much traffic on the back streets. Gina was second guessing her decision to take this route. She began to think maybe she would take another way home. After 3 minutes at a stop sign she decided she would do just that.

Seat
Alice was out of food. She needed to get groceries. Alice gathered her baby to go to the store. She realized her husband had taken the car seat with him to work. With annoyance, she waited for her husband to come home.

The Clock
Jenny squirmed in her seat. She eyed the clock. She still had two more hours before she could go home. Jenny took a deep breath and tried to concentrate. She figured time would go by faster if she focused on work instead.

Hide and Seek
Erica was playing with her friend Emily. They were playing hide and seek. Emily hid in a tree. Erica looked for her for hours. Erica finally gave up looking up for her.

Julie Gets a Bike
Julie is tired of her long walk to work. One of her friends recommends she buy a bike. She researches different bikes before making a decision. Finally she finds the perfect bike. Julie loves riding her new bike to work.

Hiking a Mountain
My dad and I are going to hike a mountain today. We have packed a huge lunch. We are going to drive all the way out to the trailhead. Using our map, we followed the trail five miles. My dad and I finally made it to a mountain lake to go fishing!

The Cave
Sue was always curious about the cave near her house. One day she decided to explore it on her own. As she approached the entrance she heard a loud, horrible noise. Right inside the cave was a very large bear! Sue does not explore the cave anymore.

Beer
Kevin was new in college and tried to join a frat. He thought a frat would ensure he always had friends to hang out with. But the frat brothers made him get drunk and sick when pledging! Angry, he joined an anti-drinking group on campus. That group became his best friends, and they hung out often!

Pass Out
Amy went to her room to change after volleyball practice. She hadn't realized how sleepy she was. She sat on the bed intending to get up. Before she knew it she was laying down. Two minutes later Amy was snoring.

Hungry Allen
Allen has been craving a good steak all week. His friend calls him up to go to a Chinese restaurant. Allen replies that he really wants a steak. His friend wanted Chinese more than anything. Allen ate his steak alone.

Review
Daniel stayed up late to finish writing a review. As a result, Daniel had to sleep in late the next day. This cycle fed into itself, making him go to sleep later that night. Daniel worried that his schedule was being ruined forever. Eventually his schedule looped all the way around and back to normal.

Naptime
Sue was very tired. She decided to go home and take a nap. When she woke up, it was time to eat dinner. However, Sue decided to go back to sleep. Sue wasted her day away.

Santa Barbara Trip
Kourtney wanted to go on a trip to Santa Barbara. It as a trip to celebrate her pregnancy. Her sisters came along with her. The girls had a lot of fun. They had memories to last a lifetime.

Trick or Treat
The kids were violently knocking on a door. The door opened however, no one was inside. The kids were hesitant to walk inside, but they tip-toed in. The door immediately closed when they were inside. A man in a ghost costume scared them.

Family
Jeb mowed lawns all summer long. He saved up all the cash from his work and his allowance. In the fall he had amassed quite a small fortune. He took all the money to the local pawn shop. There, he bought back the ring his mom had sold to buy food.

Kelsey's move
Kelsey was planning on moving cross country in a few days. She was all packed up and ready to go, despite needing more boxes. Suddenly, UHaul was out of trucks, and she had no options. Her car also was broke down, and she was highly worried. She was so mad, she canceled the trip and unpacked.

The Newsroom
I have a favorite memory of when I was a young teen. My mom would drive us to the local news room every weekend. You could smell printed magazines and see buckets of penny candy. We would fill up a paper bag with bubble gum and other choices. Sometimes I could buy a teen magazine and those were the best days.

New License
Ben always wanted to ride motorcycles. He decided he would take a motorcycle class. After passing his class, he decided to take his license test. Ben easily passed his test and got his license. He is now saving up for his first motorcycle.

Day Off
After waking up today, I called my job to cancel my day at work. I decided to drive to the gym to exercise. My friend wanted to meet up and I saw him after a few minutes. We went to each dinner. He asked me how everything is going since we last saw each other.

Pizza
Every Sunday I get pizza. This Sunday I decided to try a new place. I ate a whole pizza to myself. I felt very full but satisfied. I immediately fell asleep when I got home.

Delivery
The manager gave me a package to deliver to a house. When I looked inside of it, there was $1000 dollars. Since I needed the money, I lied to the boss and kept the money. He argued with me a few days later since he received a complaint. I ended up getting fired.

Ridiculing
Jeff walked into his class with a new haircut. Everyone couldn't get their eyes off of the small puff behind his head When Jeff sat down, he felt something behind his head. Jamal tried to stick his pencil into Jeff's curls. Jeff got mad and raised his head to remove the pencil.

The Interview
Pam has been out of work for 2 months. She finally got an interview with a good company. Pam is feeling a lot of pressure to get the job and is very nervous. The interview is given by a group of 5 men. Pam has an impressive interview and accepts their offer.

Not Paying Attention
Sam stopped at a four way intersection. The driver on the right stopped after him. Sam tried to move forward but the driver was impatient. He accelerated and ended up crashing into sam. Her airbag went off.

Vegetables
Sam decided to get healthier. He resolved to eat more vegetables. He thought of a clever way to do it. Every day he made a big salad for lunch. Sam got his veggies in a tasty way!

music
Jay wanted to get out of his record label. He can't because of his contract. He decided to bring in a lawyer. The lawyer did things behind the scenes. Jay got out of the label.

Alligator Alley
I decided to go inside the forest. Several animals saw me and decided to follow me. Although they were harmless, I tried to run. Afterwards, I ended up near a lake. A group of alligators came out and started move towards me.

News
John decided he wanted to stay up to date on current events. He deliberated about which news source was the best. He carefully examined many sources. He found many he liked and disliked. John soon found reddit and preferred this site to any other.

Funny Face
Frank had to go to the dentist to have a tooth pulled. Frank had his friend Grace accompany him, so that she could drive. Frank was given anesthesia so that the procedure could begin. After the procedure, Frank had a very funny face. Grace could not stop laughing at the face Frank was making.

Foot Cramp
Haley was taking a walk to the ice cream shop. After buying the ice cream, she decided to sit down. After a few seconds, she caught a foot cramp. A stranger helped her get up. He also drove her home.

Vacation Tour
I convinced my family to tour a huge mansion estate while vacationing. We drove there and got out of the car to go inside. My 8-month old decided it was a good time to cry uncontrollably. I sat in the car with her while everyone else toured the big house. I only got to see the exterior that day.

Deliver the message
Herb was walking with a purpose. He had to deliver a message to his grandmother. It started to rain. Herb was worried that he would not make it. Herb decided to call his grandmother to deliver the message instead.

Drinks
Don needed to quit drinking. He tried to stop on his own but he couldn't. Then he decided to attend meetings for help. He found them to be useful and friendly. With their help, Don has been clean for seven years!

Too crowded
I took my girlfriend to a new arcade that opened up around the town. When he got inside the place, a bunch of kids were wandering around. We also didn't get the chance to sit down since the place was crowded. The waiter told us to be patient. However, we decided to leave and look for an empty restaurant.

The lost tomatoes.
Missy worked at a diner. One night, she shopped up some tomatoes and put them in storage. The next day, she went to get them and couldn't find any. She searched around the diner. She learned that someone thought they were old and threw them out.

Rainy Tuesday
It had been raining all day. Even though there was no school, the boys could not go outside. Normally, they would be outside playing in the yard. The boys sat indoors and watched television. As it got dark, the rain ceased, to the dismay of the boys.

Jimmy gets a phone
Jimmy couldn't ever get in contact with his friends easily. He decided to buy a cell phone. Jimmy went to the phone store to pick a phone. Jimmy picked an iphone. Now Jimmy can easily contact his friends

The Ice Cream
I wanted chocolate ice cream. I went to the kitchen to get some. Upon arriving in the kitchen, I found my boyfriend eating the last bit I tried not to look sad but I wanted chocolate! So I went to bed grumpy.

Erin the student
Erin was a student in high school. Erin wanted to pass his computer science test. To study, Erin bought a computer science book at the store. He studied all night long before his test with his new book. Erin passed his test with an A thanks to his study habits.

No regrets
Brandy liked to walk in the park. One day in the park, Brandy found some money. She was perplexed as to what to do with the money. She eventually turned it into the Police. She never regretted her decision.

Fire!
One spring day my husband and I were sitting by a campfire outside. We foolishly got in the car to go visit a friend for a few minutes. When we got back home we found our backyard on fire. We quickly tried to put out the fire with shovels and water hoses. We had to call the fire department to finally put the fire out.

Moving
It was moving day and the family was all packed. We were all exhausted from packing and living in the midst of boxes. The moving truck was in the drive and we filled it to the brim. Unloading the truck seemed like much lighter work than loading it. We chatted happily over pizza and soda when the truck was empty.

The Checkers Game
Jack was a checkers legendary master. He decided to challenge the second place legendary master to a game. Jack started off strong but started to cool off quickly. He made a stupid move and then realized his mistake. Then, his opponent beat him with ease.

Long Legs
Mary always had long legs. She would always get compliments on them. Eventually she decided to stop shaving. She didn't get as many compliments. So she decided to start shaving them again.

Fifty Cents
Jim was going to the store. He was going to get a soda for fifty cents. Tim wanted something also. However Tim had no money. So Jim split the money and they got something cheaper.

Cameron
Cameron was a good kid, but he had a horrible attitude. Any time he didn't get his way, he would become disrespectful. He would call names and mouth other kids and his teacher. One day this behavior caught up with him. He got suspended from school for being so rude and disrespectful.

The Crash
Rick was playing in his living room on a Batman car. Rick stood up on the Batman car and tried to ride it out the door. When he tried to move the car, he slipped off and fell on his head. Rick's mom ran over to him to see if he had hurt himself. After that, Rick never stood on his Batman car again.

working out
Ben and rick love working out. They decided to go to a new gym. The gym stated that they can't work out unless they pay a one time fee. They paid it together. They worked out happily.

The Squirrels
While John was taking a walk, he witnessed an unusual sight. He saw something fall from a tree. It was a newborn squirrel, now writhing helplessly on the ground. Then another one dropped to the ground! Feeling helpless, he wished he could do something.

Valentines
It was valentine's day. Jerry wanted to give something good to his girlfriend. He took her out on a date. She told him she's breaking up with him. This was his worst valentines ever.

The Symphony
Chris was not looking forward to going to the symphony. His whole class was going. He had to get dressed up for school that day. He sat in the audience expecting to be bored. But he loved it and talked about it all the next day.

Jessica's Walk
Jessica was tired of being stuck in the house all alone. She decided to go for a walk. She saw a stray dog while she was out walking. She decided to take the dog home with her. Jessica now has a new friend to spend time with.

Shoot Stars
One night we were supposed to get a meteor shower. The best time was 4 AM. My 7 year old son and 10 year old daughter woke me up. We went outside and waited with some other people. We saw a lot of meteors.

Student Council
Tammy wanted to run for student council. She gathered her friends to help her make posters. She gave a stirring campaign speech. The day of the election came, and they waited to see the results. Tammy won!

A Clean House
Kydon's girlfriend dumped him because he had a dirty house. Kydon decided to clean his house to get his girlfriend back. He spent weeks cleaning the filth. Eventually, the house was spotless! Unfortunately, his girlfriend had found a new boyfriend.

The long line
Tori went to a small Chinese restaurant on her lunch break. When she arrived, she noticed that the line was out the front door! Tori didn't have enough time to wait in line at the restaurant. Instead, she reluctantly chose to pick up a sandwich at a nearby deli. She was surprised at how much she enjoyed her sandwich.

Ricky
Ricky wanted to get more muscles. He bought a weight set and began to lift. After a year he gained considerable mass. Ricky stuck with his weightlifting. Ricky now is a body builder.

Day care
Nina wanted to go to college, but she had a problem. She had no one to babysit her two toddlers. Then her chosen school opened a free daycare for students! Nina was ecstatic - her problem was solved! She signed up for classes the very next day.

The trophy
Jeremy was awarded his first trophy. His mom was proud of him and put the trophy in the living room. Ryan, his brother, was happy to bring out all of his trophies. Ryan surrounded Jeremy's trophy with all of his to show off. Later that night Jeremy broke Ryan's Trophies and got in trouble.

Ann's Candy Bars
Ann had to sell candy bars for a school fundraiser. She had been too busy with school to get around to it. Then she realized she hadn't sold any the final week of the sale. Ann rushed to her neighbors' to sell. Luckily for Ann, she was able to sell her candy in time.

photos
A photographer was in the city. He wanted to find good photos to take of street photography. He then saw a cop hitting a civilian. He took a lot of photos of it. The cop ended up stopping when he started taking the photos.

Office Cleaning
Lindsay needed to clean her office. She decided to start with the bigger items to throw away. She then gathered smaller trash items. Lindsay was finally at the organizing stage after that. She was happy with the outcome of her work.

Need stamps.
Marie was trying to fill out an application. She needed to mail it in but she had no stamps. She needed to get them before a deadline. That day, she went to the post office right away. She was able to mail the application for free, to her surprise.

Moving
Dan found out his dad was moving. He became sad. He decided to run away. His mom could not find him anywhere. Dan finally came home and was ground for 6 weeks.

Pittsburgh
Neil was in Pittsburgh. He decided to go see a baseball game. He headed over to the Pittsburgh Stadium and bought a ticket. Then he watched the game and ate peanuts and hot dogs. Neil loved his Pittsburgh game experience!

Cat in a Tree
The Christmas tree was all set up and decorated. Livvy passed by it and noticed it was moving. She was startled and couldn't figure out what was going on. Then she was a cat tail poking out. Her cat had climbed into the Christmas tree!

Rose Garden
Mia's neighbor was an old lady with a big rose garden. The kids in the neighborhood made fun of the old lady. She shooed them away so her roses wouldn't get trampled. One day, the old lady saw Mia admiring the roses. She invited Mia to pick any rose from her garden.

Rainy Surprise
Sharon saw rainy clouds one day on a walk. She thought she better walk fast to get home before it rained. As she was walking, it started to pour. She heard a kitten meowing and picked it up. She was surprised it was out in the rainy alone, so she took it home.

Chocolate hate
Arnold hated chocolate ice cream. The taste would drive him crazy. One day his friends dared him to try some. He took one bite of chocolate ice cream. Arnold threw up.

Gingerbread houses
Tina and her sister made gingerbread houses. The girls made sure to get lots of candy. When they were done with the candy it was great. They went to taste it. It tasted amazing.

Chinese Food
My coworkers wanted to get lunch. They invited me. I decided to go with them. We got Chinese Food. I contracted salmonella from the orange chicken.

Inventor
Josh wanted to become an inventor. He didn't have the required skills. He decided to get a degree in textiles engineering. Josh graduated and worked hard to create an invention. He eventually invented a new stretch-resistant fabric.

Sean's Jumps
Sean and I liked to ride our skateboards down a steep hill. We were ten years old. At the bottom of the hill was a river. Usually we stopped at the bottom of the hill. One day Sean jumped off his skateboard at the bottom into the river.

The Big Envelope
Joe wanted to go to Stanford very badly. He worked hard all through high school to obtain his goal. He checked the mailbox everyday hoping for the big envelope. The big envelope meant he got in, the small envelope meant rejection. Finally a big envelope came in the mail!

New Phone
I had to get a new phone because I had dropped mine. When I dropped it, the screen shattered. I took it to the store and they replaced it for me. It didn't cost too much. When I got home, I dropped the new phone and it broke, too.

Bored Skydiver
Jennifer was very bored sitting at her house alone. She wanted to do something exciting. She called a friend and offered to pay to go skydiving. Her friend was reluctant but agreed. The friend backed out at the last minute.

Grudge
When my teacher asked who wrote on the table, I told him who sat there My friend became mad at me and said that I wasn't a good friend. For several days, I tried to get her attention. However, she continued to ignore me. We got back on good terms as soon as I apologized to her.

Shells
Sam was collecting shells on the beach. He picked them up. Then he put them in his bucket. He collected as many as he could. At the end of the day, his whole bucket was full!

Candy Hats
Joy and Lizzy attached all kinds of candy to their hats. They were going to wear them in the Easter parade. The next morning, Joy went to get the hats. Half the candy was gone. Her little brother had found them!

Rick's Day at the Waterpark
Rick finally went to visit the local waterpark. He couldn't believe how many rides there were. Rick decided to go on every single one. Afterwards, it was so late that it was time to go home. Rick decided he wanted to visit the waterpark again soon.

A visit with my family.
After thinking about my mother I decided to go visit her. Driving down the highway I realized it had been a while. Once I arrived, she was excited to see me. We had lunch, discussed recent happenings and laughed. Once the visit was over I hugged her goodbye.

cold
Stephen had a cold. He tried every medicine there is. He couldn't get rid of it. He had to suffer for a month. He finally recovered in that time.

Smart Cat
My cat had been fussy one night. She kept loudly meowing at me. She wouldn't leave the window and kept meowing. I finally went to the window and opened it to look. There was a sweet litter of kittens right there under my window!

Making Him Jealous
Charles was in love with Marlene. But he would not admit it to her. He thought he was too poor to take care of her. But Marlene liked him and was jealous of girls he talked to. Marlene posted a video of her kissing a guy to make Charles jealous.

No Gas
Glen let his girlfriend borrow his car. The next morning he had to go to work. The car had no gas in it. He had to stop and get more. It made him late and angry at his girlfriend.

Accounting Group
The accounting group decided to go out to the new Chinese restaurant. The set lunch menu was only $15 so they all ordered it. After their filling meal, they each opened their fortune cookie. The supervisor of the group decided to pay for the lunch. The accounting group went back to work, happy and satisfied.

Crying
Jessica was upset. She was in a public place. She tried to hold back her tears. She was unable to hold them back. She began crying in a public place.

Anne's Housekeeping
It was an unplanned visit from Ann's in-laws that made her clean. First, she threw all of the kids' toys into their room. Then, she ran around barking orders at everyone to clean this or that. She was frantically scrubbing the toilet when she heard the knock. Anne was still not happy about the mess when she opened the door.

New Kanye album
Last week the new Kanye album came out. I was so excited to get my hands on a copy. I ran to every record store to take a look. Finally I was able to get it. I was lucky though because it was the last copy.

Cherry Picking
Every year we go cherry picking. We wake up very early to beat the crowd. When we arrive we get our buckets. We head out to the cherry trees and pick for hours. In the end we usually bring home around 20lbs of cherries.

bus
George had to get to work. His car broke down. He took the bus there. The bus broke down too. He ended up calling his work place that he can't come.

