132
A light Jog
I tried to start jogging last week. I got my running shoes on and went out. I was excited and ready to go when it started to rainy. I turned around and went home instead. It hasn't rained since but I haven't wanted to risk it.

The picture didn't work.
Candace had to make a pinhole camera for art class. She took the camera outside and followed the steps to take a picture. Then, she took the picture to the darkroom to develop it. In the dark room, she saw that the picture didn't develop. She had to start over from the beginning.

Trip to candy factory
There is a candy factory down the street for me. I decided to take a trip with my friends to visit. When we got there we put on the outfits and walked around. Unfortunately though, we couldn't have samples. Therefore we were disappointed.

Spaghetti
Samantha was going to make spaghetti but she was out of noodles. She got her keys and left to go to the grocery store. Samantha picked out the noodles she wanted to used and bought them. Then she drove back to her house. She made the spaghetti with her newly bought noodles.

Missing Sandwich
Bob left a ham sandwich on the table to go get a drink. He had only turned around for a few seconds. But when he sat back down it was gone. He found his dog a few minutes later licking her lips. He knew not to trust her around the table any more.

First Plane Ride
Lisa was going on her first plane ride to visit some cousins. She was very nervous about flying in a plane. She had her eyes shut tight when the plane took off. Before she knew it she was in the air. She realized there wasn't really anything to be afraid of.

Making Pizza
I  tried to make pizza today. When I went to put it in the oven, I dropped it. The toppings got everywhere. I cleaned it up. Instead of trying again, I ordered pizza instead.

Off Course
The lifeguard gave me the signal to move across the water slide. As I was moving on the slide, the ride started to go faster. In addition, the force of the water pushed me out of the slide. I ended up landing in the bushes. My friends had to pull me out and remove the twigs around me.

No More Vitamins
Josh went to go take his vitamin pills. When he opened the bottle, he realized there were none left. Josh decided he needed to get more vitamins. He went to the pharmacy and bought vitamins. Finally, Josh could take his vitamins!

Headache
Yesterday, I had a really bad headache. I tried many things to get it to go away, but it only got worse. Finally, I took a nap in the hopes that it would help. I fell asleep quickly. When I awoke, my headache was gone.

Safety First
Jane put on her  riding helmet and chaps after she saddled her horse. Jane got on her horse and began riding down the trail. Suddenly, Jane's horse spooked at the sound of a tree branch breaking. Jan's horse bucked  and Jane was thrown hard to the ground. Jane was not hurt because she wore her riding helmet and her chaps.

Aging Parent
Rebecca got a call from family to go home to visit her dad. Her dad's health had been declining and he didn't have much time left. She flew home immediately and began taking care of him. What was meant to be a short visit turned into months of caregiving. She ended up staying two Year's giving him care before he died.

New Belt
Jay went to put his pants to get ready for work. He took out his only belt and put that on too. The belt was very tight on Jay. He had a very hard time getting it to stay on. Jay tossed aside the belt and said that he'd buy a new one.

Resort Surprise
Kim checked into her resort and went to her room. She hung around the room for a while and went to take a walk She ran into a loose tiger in the hallway and screamed. Someone called the front desk for help. The front desk called animal control, who confiscated the tiger.

Walk
Greg went out to take a walk He went to the grocery store. He had no reason to buy anything. He bought an apple though. He ate it on the walk back.

Going to get coffee
June decided on a  Saturday morning to walk and get a cup of coffee. While she was walking down the sidewalk she heard a meow. June looked to her right and saw a tiny kitten. She walked over and picked up the kitten. June decided to keep the kitten she wanted a new friend.

The Job Hunt
George needed to find a job after being laid off from his last one. He began to walk around town looking for some sort of employment He walked to several businesses and gave out resumes then went home. After days of trying, George began to wait on calls. Later, a company called George with a job offer for him.

The Ball in the Swamp
Lucas was playing basketball with his friend. His friend accidentally threw the basketball over the fence. Lucas went to go get the ball but it had rolled into a swamp. Lucas started to go into the water to get the ball. Suddenly, a crocodile surfaced and scared Lucas away.

What's a Flea?
My husband and i decided to get a Welsh Corgi from a breeder. We drove 80 miles to get her, my husband held her on the drive back. He kept asking what these black things were all over her. She had fleas, how could he not know what fleas were? He is from Vegas, he said there are no fleas there, how crazy!

Lunch
Jacob woke up this morning terribly hungry. It took forever for everyone to get ready to go out for lunch. He waited patiently in the hotel lobby for all of his friends. They went around the corner and had a delightful lunch. Jacob left with a full belly and a full heart.

Moving into new house
Jim and Erin decided to buy a new house. When they purchased it they got their stuff and moved in. Everything seemed to go well. Except their movers were late. Jim and Erin decided to not tip the movers as a result.

The Foul Ball
Jimmy's dad took him to see his favorite baseball team. He brought his glove in the hope of catching a home run ball. Jimmy waited in anticipation as the biggest slugger came up to bat. On the first pitch, the slugger hit a home run right towards Jimmy! Leaping up, Jimmy was thrilled to successfully catch the ball!

The vending machine gyp.
Max was trying to buy a soda. He put his money in and pressed the buttons. Somehow his drink got caught and he wasn't able to get it. His money wasn't refunded either. He had to really bug someone in charge to get them to fix that.

Wasted Day
Gina went to her room. On the floor was a report she needed to finish. Earlier, she left it there and went to the park and stayed for hours. Now it was late and she had a lot of work to do. Gina regretted how much of her time she had wasted that day.

Fishing
I went to the lake to go fishing. I climbed into a boat and rowed out to the middle of the lake. I threw my lure into the lake and waited to catch a fish. I saw a tug on my fishing line. I reeled in a big fish.

batman
We were joking around trying to talk like Batman. But then Jen ordered a pizza and put it under Batman. So when we went to get it we got the weirdest looks. I went to the counter and asked for a pizza for batman. Based on their response I should have said Bruce Wayne.

Elephant Walk
The circus was in town! Jimmy's mom told him the circus would arrive by train. They were going to go watch the elephants walk to the arena. The street was lined with people watching. The elephants walked by in a line holding each other's tails!

Fallen
I was at an elementary school awards assembly. They called my name up. As I was walking to get my award, I fell hard! I was so embarrassed, but got up and kept going. I heard about the fall for years after that!

Family Vacation
This summer the Conner family went to Disney World. They visited for fourth of July and it was very hot and crowded. They still got to go on every ride they wanted. They saw fireworks and many shows as well. When it was time to leave, they didn't want to go!

Voting
Joe wanted to vote. He went to go wait in line. He waited a long time. Finally it was his turn. They unfortunately sent him home because he was not registered.

Bought the Gum
My friend Lizzy wanted some gum. She gave me a dollar to go get her some. I went to a corner store to purchase it. I purchased some gum but the total was 25 cents extra. I gave Lizzy her gum, but I didn't tell her I paid extra.

Home for a Holiday
Rachel went to go visit her family for Thanksgiving. She drove 5 hours to get there. After a fun holiday, she left that Friday. There was traffic everywhere, and it took her 10 hours to get home. Rachel decided she was going to fly home next Thanksgiving.

Overtime
Larry was working hard at his job. However he really wanted to work some overtime hours. It was taking to long to get them so he got a second job. When his boss found out about the other job he got jealous. He gave Larry all the overtime hours he needed.

Delivery Dog
Fred is a delivery truck driver for Fedex. He always left the truck door open as he ran to deliver packages. One day, he returned to find a huge black dog sitting in the truck. He tried and tried to entice the dog out of the truck, but it stayed. Hours later, the owners came home and the dog came out.

Good Read
I went to the dentist and waited in his waiting room. To pass the time I read a magazine that he had. The magazine was so good I took a subscription card from it. I filled it out after I left and mailed it in. Two weeks later I got my first issue in the mail.

The Picnic
The family decided to go on a picnic. They packed a big lunch to take with them. When they got to the park, mom went to get the lunch. They had left the lunch at home. They went out to eat instead.

No Brad Paisley
Last summer my friends and I were going  to  a Brad Paisley  concert. On the way to  the  concert  a drunk driver crashed into our vehicle. The driver fled his car. Police arrived and closed the road. No one was seriously injured  but we missed the  concert .

Play time
Rocky saw the sunshine and immediately began wagging his tail. Rocky begged his owners to take him for a walk and throw the ball. Rocky's owner took him outside and threw the ball for an hour. Rocky was overjoyed and chased the ball until he was exhausted. Rocky was happy and tired, and he slept well after his exciting day.

A Good Deed
My sister called me today and said she ran out of gas. I told her to hold on and I went to get some gas for her. She was a good hour away from my house. She was so thankful that she bought me lunch! It felt good to do something nice for someone else.

Creative  writing
I  have  always  loved  to  write  creative  stories. But my writing  style  seems  boring. No publishing agents would even check out my book. I  am  taking  a creative  writing  class. The class will help  me  to  get  my  work  noticed.

Old Sheets
Bill gathered his bed sheets and put them in the laundry. He went to his closet to get a clean set of sheets. Bill picked two different sets that he liked. He had a hard time deciding which one to use. Bill decided to mix up the two sets as a compromise.

Bob's Dinner
Bob was watching a cooking show where they were making steak. Bob got hungry. Bob went went to the store to get steak and mushrooms. When Bob got home Bob cooked the steak and mushrooms with butter. After Bob had eaten his delicious Bob felt satiated.

Merry Go Round
Jill watched the merry go round as she waited to get on. She couldn't decide what animal she would ride. She thought maybe the white horse with a pink saddle. But the bunny was adorable. She rode it twice so she could try out both of them!

John's walk
John went for a walk to get some fresh air. He loved to walk in the woods. Today there was a bike race on his favorite trail. He didn't realize it until a biker almost hit him! John walked back home, feeling defeated.

New phone day
Today was the day the new phones were coming. I decided to run to the mall for it. I went to go get one. Finally I got my hands on one. I was happy.

A Crowdsource Venture
Someone once came up with a clever idea. They'd use a crowdsource platform to create many sentences. They'd collect and collect until their data set was immense. Then they would pick some busy executives as subjects. They'd send each of them fives sentences, no more, no less.

There's a Snake in My Boots!
I was about to go for a jog. I went to go put on my shoes. But, there was a snake hiding in one of the shoes! I screamed and called my husband downstairs! He grabbed a shovel and killed the snake so I could go for a jog.

Reaching Her Goal
Bertha had made all her plans and the direction she was going in. Bertha plans were not like a New Year's resolution but career promising. Bertha attended the college and the courses  she passed them all. The graduation led to her receiving her doctoral degree . Doctor Bertha is proud of her own success.

The One That Got Away
Erika went fishing with her husband while on vacation. She threw out her line and it seemed to get caught on something. Her husband thought it was just a log and grabbed her rod. As he yanked on the line, he realized she had a monster fish. The fish snapped her line and Erika never forgave her husband.

Bachelorette Party
Chelsea and her friends were going out on the town. It was a Bachelorette Party for their friend Christine. They went to multiple bars, getting drunker as the night went on. Eventually they started doing sloppy, drunken karaoke. They had to take an Uber home.

Jeff chickens out
Jeff and a group of friends dared each other to kiss a random girl. They get to the shopping mall where this was going to take place All of Jeff's friends go and kiss a random girl in the mall. Jeff is now making turn he sees a girl and goes for it. At the last moment the pressure gets to Jeff and he can't do the dare.

Messed up food
I was hungry one day while driving. I decided to stop at a fast food drive through. After placing my order, I drove up to get my food. When I received my order, I noticed the food was all squished. I brought the food back to the store and they replaced it for free.

The Stroke
A recent stroke left Kay unable to move her left side. She needs intensive PT and round the clock care. Her son finds a rehab facility that accepts her insurance. The facility is dirty and understaffed. Kay becomes depressed.

An Inkling
Ed got a sneaky feeling he needed to leave work and go home. It was early so he hesitated. He finally decided he should follow this urge, leaving the office. When Ed arrived home he found rising water on the first floor. The dishwasher line had burst!

A Hard Worker
Rich was plowing his field. He was getting a lot of work done today. He went in to get a drink and take a break. He chose a glass of ice-cold lemonade. After the refreshment, Rich went back out to finish his day's work.

First Day of School
Ricky was getting ready for his first day of High School. Ricky had been nervous about this day for weeks. Ricky put on his backpack and walked outside to get the bus. The bus finally arrived and Ricky sat down. Ricky sat next to Tim, By the end of the bus ride they became friends.

Popcorn
I took my family to the movies. All my kids had to go to the bathroom so I went to get snacks alone. By the time I finished ordering the counter was full of popcorn. I had no clue how to get it into the the theater. Luckily the ticket taker helped me or I would have spilled everywhere.

Grind Forum
Dan went to get caught up on the forum. Today there was a lot of spam from the woman in New England. She didn't seem to get no one wanted to know about her personal life. Dan looked at the forum settings and found what he was looking for. He was able to put the shrewish woman on permanent ignore.

Feeding the cat
Harold's neighbor asked him to watch her cat while she was gone. He went over to her house one day and looked for the cat. The cat came running to Harold as he went to the kitchen to get food. When he went to the kitchen, he saw cat food everywhere. He called his neighbor and told her about the cat's mess.

Wait for the Bus
I took the bus to an event a few miles from my apartment. Afterwards, I walked down to the bus stop to wait for the bus. I got tired of waiting and decided to walk to the next bus stop. Before I could get to the next stop, the bus went by. I did this over and over, and ended up walking the whole way home.

Sledding
Jim was sledding with his friend Anthony. Anthony dared him to go down the big hill. Jim took up the dare and as he was going he fell out of the sled. Jim rolled a few times as the unmanned sled flew into the river. Jim was ok, and the two of them went home for the day.

The Injured Party
Janice got a new roof put on her house and went out to look at it. She stepped on a piece of metal carelessly left behind by the roofer. Janice suffered a deep laceration to her foot and went to a hospital. The roofer refused to pay her medical bills and denied responsibility. Janice obtained a lawyer, suing the roofer for negligent injury.

Mac N Cheese
I was going to attend a potluck and wanted to bring a family recipe. I chose my grandma's mac n cheese but I didn't know how to make it. My grandma had me come over and she taught me her recipe. Everyone loved the mac n cheese. My grandma's recipe is now the only mac n cheese that I make.

The Swim
Carl went for a hike along a wide river. When it got really hot he took his clothes off and went for a swim. The water felt good to Carl. He swam to the other side of the river. When he got out he realized he clothes were on the other side.

Sister  and dental school
My sister  wanted  to  become  a dentist. But she  got  married  and  decided to  have  kids. Now her children  are  older  and  more  independent. My sister  takes  classes at the local  community  college. She is back on the   path  to  dental  school.

Sam's Favorite Ice Cream
Sam had a craving for his favorite strawberry ice cream. He decided to take a walk to the ice cream parlor to get some. When he got there, the strawberry flavor was gone. Sam reluctantly tried the cookies and cream flavor instead. Sam decided that cookies and cookies and cream was his new favorite!

The Large Slip
Hillary arrived to her campsite in the middle of the southwest USA. She set up camp and then left to go for a hike. While hiking, she noticed a large canyon and wanted to get closer. While walking over to the canyon's edge, Hillary suddenly fell inside. When she hit the bottom, she was miraculously not hurt.

Oil Change
Pete parked his car in the driveway to change his motor oil. He got the jack and proceeded to lift the car so he could get under. He removed the drain plug and filter, letting the oil drain out. After draining, he got the new filter and put on the plug and filter. He started the car up and drove to the shop to recycle the oil.

The lost coat.
Manny had spent the evening at a party. He was getting ready to leave to go home. He went looking for his coat. The coat had gone missing. Manny had to search for almost an hour to locate his coat.

Stuck on the Mountain
On our way to a party the car stopped dead on an isolated road. We got out to relax by the creek while waiting for someone to pass by. We got hungry so we made picnic from the food we had for the party. Robert's brother played his guitar while his girlfriend sang. The car started right up and made it home like nothing was wrong.

Andrew Takes a Walk
Andrew realizes he has never been to his local park. He puts on his running shoes and walks over to the park. At the park he sees many other people walking and running. He decides to visit the park more often. Andrew is happy that he has visited his local park.

bad weather
Claire learned that a blizzard was coming while watching the news. She was unprepared. To get ahead of things she promptly left to get supplies. She was able to make it back before the weather got too bad. Claire was able to wait out the storm comfortably in her home.

Hot Coffee
On my way to work I stopped to get some coffee. I went through the drive through and placed my order. I paid the cashier and patiently waited for my drink. When she handed me the drink, the lid came off and spilled on me. The coffee hurt and I had to go home and change clothes.

Saturday Night Live
Kim and Beth wanted to see SNL while in NYC. They went online to get tickets but couldn't get any. Kim and Beth decided to wait in the standby line. The girls stood in the standby line for 3 hours. Finally they gave up and watched the show from their hotel.

Easy breaks
Kate hated her job at a shabby bar downtown on the graveyard shift. She had been robbed twice, assaulted once, and constantly demeaned. One night she had enough and took the days take with her when she left She panicked at 4am, but the place was in flames upon her return. Kate claimed the money as gambling profit and started a nursery.

Fast Pass
David went to Magic Kingdom in Orlando Florida. He wanted to ride on space Mountain but the line was very long. His friend Peter told him to get a fast pass to make the wait shorter. A fast pass allows you to use a special line. Instead of waiting for an hour David was able to get on in 15 minutes.

Fire
Jim began cooking fried chicken on the stove. As the chicken sizzled, he remembered he forgot something in the car. Jim left the kitchen to get the sauce he left in the car. While he was outside the oil spilled over and started a fire. Jim called 911 and the fire department came to put out the fire.

Police Station
Lucy was lost and crying on the curb when a lady helped her. The kind lady drove Lucy to a police station. As they arrived Lucy was afraid to leave go inside. The lady held her hand and walked her into the station. Lucy waved goodbye to the lady and approached an officer.

A trip to the coffee shop.
I was starting to get tired so I decided to go and get some coffee. Once I walked down the street I was there. I looked around at a lot of different drinks. I finally decided on a White Mocha. Once it was made, it was delicious!

Knock-Off Shoes
Henry exchanged $45 with Hannah for a new pair of shoes. He waited until he got home to put them on. The bottom sole broke when he tried to walk a couple of steps. They were Styrofoam when Henry looked under the shoe. He became frustrated and searched for Hannah outside.

Makeshift
When Stan got to work he realized that he forgot to wear a belt. His pants were noticeably lower than they should be. Stan went to the supply closet and got a roll of twine. He tied the twine around his waist to act like a belt. Stan felt low class but he was glad that his pants were up.

Wait For Nothing
Joe waited outside a theater all night to get advanced tickets. It rained down hard on Joe in his little poncho. Joe got hungry but never left his place in the line. The following morning, the theater finally opened up to sell tickets. When Joe got to the box office window he learned they were old out.

Barry
Barry felt like fishing so he went to the pier. He caught his catch and brought it home to cook. As he drove home he noticed a homeless man sleeping. As he cooked the fish he couldn't stop thinking about the man. He drove by the homeless man and fed him.

Late
Tia was staying late at work. It took her a long time to get caught up on her work. By the time she left, the parking lot was empty. It was scary and poorly lit. Tia had to ask the security guard to walk her to her car.

Cat at the  window
My  cat  always  wants to  look  out the  window . The  cat  is  upset  because  he  can't  jump  high  enough. I  moved  the  furniture  and  used  a footstool. The  cat  can  now  climb  on the  furniture  like  a ladder. He is able  to  look  out  the  window.

North Carolina Advances
North Carolina played Notre Dame Sunday night in basketball. Carolinna built a huge lead heading into the half. Notre Dame went on a 12-0 run in the second half and took the lead. Carolina went on a 12-0 run of their own. They seized the momentum and eventually beat Notre Dame 88-74.

The Tigers
Ollie was obsessed with tigers. When he got to visit the zoo, he went right to the tiger enclosures. There were three orange tigers and a white one. Two were sleeping but the other two were active. They were playing with huge tractor tires.

Lazy Landlords
My landlord is so lazy. I asked to get my carpets cleaned 3 yrs ago and it's still dirty. I asked to get a ceiling fan put in and never got a response. I recently called about my kitchen light bulbs going out. I washed dishes in the dark for three weeks before I got a response.

New Bike
Amy and her friend went riding when Amy got a new bike. They rode for hours without paying attention to the time. It was dusk before they realized it was time to go home. They were farther than they thought they had ridden. Amy's wasn't able to ride for a week as punishment for being late.

Unexpected Surprise
I went to the hospital to run a few blood tests. The worker at the front desk called me into the office. After giving a blood sample, I walked into the waiting room. The doctor came in and talked about the results. I found out that my hemoglobin was low.

First one to Lose
My first cross-country run took place today. After the flag was waved, everyone started to run. There were fast runners however, I managed to take the lead. We were on our 4th lap and was heading to the finish line. However, I caught a cramp and ended up in 2nd place.

Fight Night
George was about to participate in his first professional fight. He approached the entrance and waited for his cue to enter the ring. Once he was inside, the announcer announced him and his opponent. They advanced towards each other once the bell sounded. George proved his skills and won his first match.

Hugs
I went to go hang out with my friends. I hadn't seen them in six months. My friend, Lisa, kept hugging me. She started flirting with me. I realized she liked me and I asked her out.

Neighbor
Jane's neighbor was playing his music loudly in his car. Jane waited and waited till she could take no more. Jane went to her neighbor's car and knocked on the window. She asked him politely to turn the music down. Jane was pleasantly surprised when he did so without incident.

Save the Friendship
My friend got  upset  with when I  told  her  I  had  a  date. I  agreed  to  go  with  a  boy that  she  had a   crush  on. She never  told  me  about  this  boy. I did  not  want  to  upset  my  friend. I  did  not  go  with  the  boy to save our  friendship.

Watch your step
I woke up in the middle of the night. I was thirsty. I went to go get a glass of water without turning on the lights. I stepped on my dog in the hallway! I learned that I should always turn on the lights at night.

The secret Waterfall
Harry went walking with his  girlfriend in the woods. They walked for a long time and were surrounded by trees. Suddenly, the pair stumbled on a stream and followed it. At the end of the stream was a large steep waterfall. The two were very surprised and jumped in and swam.

Malcolm Takes a Walk
Malcolm decides he needs to leave his apartment at least once a day. He has barely left his bed today and is starting to feel lazy. Finally Malcolm gets up and takes a walk around his neighborhood. On his walk he sees a mighty slug. Malcolm is very happy that he left his apartment.

IOS Update
My son came home from school wanting to play a new game on his Ipod. He turned it on and waited to play. He waited and waited and waited some more. There was a major update being installed. My son had to do his homework while he waited for the Ipod to finish.

Roller Coaster
The Smith family decided to visit an amusement park for Spring Break. The son decides he wants to ride the biggest roller coaster. The family gets in line and waits two hours to get on. While the son and daughter love the ride, the parents become sick! After the ride, the kids beg Papa Smith and Mama Smith to go again.

Shoot
Tom's dad asked him if he wanted to play a shooting game. Tom was very nervous when his dad said there were big guns used! But he wanted to appear brave, so he agreed to go and  play. When they arrived, Tom's dad handed him a loaded paintball gun. The males shot at each other and had a great, colorful time!

Soccer Match
Edgar joined an intramural co-ed indoor soccer league. He didn't know anyone on his team at the start of the season. They all got to talk and run and get to know each other. Edgar became close with many people on the team. Edgar's team didn't win often, but was often the happiest team.

Road Trip
Jane and I decided to take a road trip last month We went to go visit relatives in Colorado. We took turns driving and had lots of fun. Her family was happy to see us and we took plenty of pics. We're planning on going back next year.

Pet Snake
Teo brought home a pet snake. His mother said he couldn't keep it in the house. Teo was going to leave to return it to the pet store. Then he noticed the snake wasn't in the box. Teo saw the snake coiled around his grandmother and screamed.

Space Mountain
Max was at Disneyland. After a three hour wait he was finally going to ride space mountain. He put on his lap belt and threw his hands in the air. Within seconds of starting, all lights came on and it stopped. They were forced to evacuate and the ride shut down for the day.

New Puppy
Bob went to the store to buy snacks. When he was leaving the store he dropped  some chips. A small puppy grabbed it and tried to ran away. Bob picked up the puppy and his chips. Bob said I am going to call you Chip

Long Ride
Bill was tired of Texas so he got on a bus. The driver asked where he wanted to go and Bill just shrugged. He took the bus as far as it went and got off. Bill waited for the next bus and repeated that process. In three days Bill made it all the way to Ontario.

Willy caught a lightning bug.
Willy was shown pictures of lightning bugs at school. Willy thought that they were really cool. Willy went home and waited until night time to catch one. When the sun went down, Willy went outside to catch some. He caught three dozen lightning bugs that night.

Skipped College
Shawn graduated high school in 1988. He took a year off before he returned to school in the fall of 1989. That fall, he was a freshman at Delaware State University. He took core classes but said they were all too easy. One semester later, he dropped out of school and joined the workforce.

The Lazy Worker
Once, there was a very lazy worker on Mechanical Turk. The worker spent all day in bed, answering surveys on the internet. People tried to get the worker to go out and get a real job. The worker did not want to get a real job, or to get dressed. So, the worker continued to answer surveys on the internet in bed.

Football
I love the sport of football so much. Whoever created that sport is a genius! You get to take all your frustration out by running into people. It's all in an organized fashion but it gets me pumped up. Playing football is a great stress reliever!

Burger Surprise
Kevin was hungry after school. So he decided to go to a burger place he was passing by. The place was empty and small. But the people who worked there were very friendly. When Kevin bit into his burger, he was amazed.

Ferdinand Picks Apples
Ferdinand decides that he wants to try picking apples at the orchard. He brings a basket to collect the apples and drives to the orchard. At the orchard he picks many delicious apples. He takes the apples home with him to eat another time. Ferdinand is very happy that he went apple picking.

The Cow
Jim had taken care of the same cow since he was 10. The cow was like his friend and he was sad to find it would be killed In the middle of the night he went to release the cow but got caught. His dad, the farmer, said if the cow means that much we won't kill it. The cow wasn't killed and it lived out its days in peace.

Free Throw
Joe went to the free throw line to take two shots. The game was tied and only one second remained. Joe missed the first shot. Joe cocked back and let this second shot fly. The shot went in and Joe helped his team win the game.

The Scary Car
Tiffany left her house to go for a walk at night. While walking, a car began to slowly follow her. She ignored it, but the car came back and did it again. This time, Tiffany ran away and called the police. The police arrived later and Tiffany went home.

Not Good News
My family went to go visit my grandmother during the holidays. My sister and I went to go check on her in her bedroom. My grandmother was on the ground unconscious. She was then rushed to the hospital. We later figured out that she had cancer.

Learning to knit
Last month I started learning to knit. It took me awhile to get the hang of it. Thankfully I was able to learn. I ended up making a scarf. The scarf is amazing.

Couch Cushions
The three kids wanted food. They were going to go to the Taco Bell and get something. Unfortunately they were short a few cents. They looked through all the couch cushions and found money. It was more than enough and they bought extra food.

Juice Box
It was the first day that Jeb was using the forklift on his own. He lifted the pallet of juice cans high up. As he drove to the drop location he put on the brakes too hard. As the forklift bobbled, the pallet fell into a cooler box. The cans breaking open made it a very large juice box now.

Playing paintball
I went to go hang out with my friends. We went to a local paintball place. We put on our gear and chose teams. We ran through the land and played for a few hours. Afterwards, I lost but had a lot of fun.

Trick or Treating
Jimmy went trick or treating for Halloween. He brought his pumpkin bag to get candy and walked around. Jimmy went to several houses and got tons of candy. After an hour, Jimmy headed home. He poured out a ton of candy and was very happy.

Lost shoe
Lacy went to the beach. She took off her shoes and went to go swimming. When she came back to her spot, her shoes were missing. She looked around and saw some dogs had them. She ran up, grabbed the shoes from the dogs and left.

Jane's first job.
Jane had just graduated from high school. She wanted money to get a new car, so she went out to get a job. Jane tried the fast food restaurants, but none of them were hiring. Finally, Jane tried the local Walmart. She got a job at the Walmart and worked there until she got a car.

Summer Anticipation
The ice cream truck could be heard from several blocks away. One hot summer day the music played and all the kids came outside. They waited and waited but the truck did not get closer. Finally I got on my bike and rode toward the sound. The ice cream truck had a flat tire three blocks away.

Pat And the Rug
Pat was installing a new rug in his home. He was not able to nail it down perfectly flat. He got up to go get more nails for the rug. When he came back he tripped over the bumpy rug. Pat dropped his nails and they went everywhere.

Young
Zack was nine Years old. He wanted to be an adult so bad. Adults got to drive and stay up late. Later on Zack became an adult. He finally realized how easy he had it as a kid.

Shiny & New
Josh was excited to get a new car. He drove all over the city, to places he'd never driven before. A carjacker noticed Josh's new car. He hijacked the vehicle using a gun and threats. Josh was so frightened, he crashed the brand new car.

Nosejob
Hillary saw her nose in the mirror one day and decided she hated it. She looked up a local plastic surgeon and made an appointment. She drove to the place for her appointment and got ready. The surgeon put her under and then went to work on her. When Hillary woke up, she had a brand new nose and a bandaged face.

Horse ride
Tom went to go ride horses. The first time he tried, he fell off. The horse didn't like him. Tom fed the horse grains. After that the horse let him ride for a long time.

Vacation Tour
I convinced my family to tour a huge mansion estate while vacationing. We drove there and got out of the car to go inside. My 8-month old decided it was a good time to cry uncontrollably. I sat in the car with her while everyone else toured the big house. I only got to see the exterior that day.

Fire!
One spring day my husband and I were sitting by a campfire outside. We foolishly got in the car to go visit a friend for a few minutes. When we got back home we found our backyard on fire. We quickly tried to put out the fire with shovels and water hoses. We had to call the fire department to finally put the fire out.

